ENTY:veh What is the weight of an empty tractor-trailer?
LOC:mount What country has Snowdon?
HUM:title What is a Admiral?
LOC:mount What is the tallest peak in the Dolomites?
LOC:city What is Moscow?
ENTY:symbol What is the £ symbol used for?
DESC:manner What is the way to write a letter?
DESC:def How is a preposition used?
NUM:dist How far is Sydney from Melbourne?
HUM:ind What are Arnold Palmers fans called
LOC:state How are provinces?
ABBR:exp What does ROU stand for?
ENTY:color What color is coral?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Popocatépetl?
HUM:ind What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose
HUM:ind What is a historian?
ENTY:cremat How are remains scattered?
LOC:state Kosovo is a province of what country
LOC:country How are republics?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of golf?
ENTY:symbol What is the percent sign symbol?
NUM:count How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon
HUM:title What is the oldest profession
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Local Area Network?
NUM:ord What is the sixth book in the series?
ENTY:animal What is a baby turkey called
ABBR:exp CPU means what in full form?
NUM:temp At what temperature does aluminum melt?
HUM:gr How is a consortium formed?
DESC:manner How do colonists inhabit?
LOC:city What makes a zone a city?
NUM:speed How fast does a bullet travel?
ENTY:event What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called
NUM:period How old is Britney Spears
DESC:manner How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle
ENTY:body What is the endocrine system?
ENTY:currency What is the rupee?
ENTY:body How many chambers does the human kidney have?
ABBR:abb What does NATO countries include?
NUM:other What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990
ENTY:animal What is the proper name for a female walrus
LOC:water What is the Panama Canal?
ENTY:word What is the longest English word
DESC:manner What is the method for tie a knot?
NUM:code What is the octal code for carriage return?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of Kevin Costners movie about Sioux Indians
ENTY:cremat What is cemetery?
ENTY:event What happened during the 2008 financial crisis?
NUM:count What is the number of sports?
ENTY:cremat Name a novel written by John Steinbeck
NUM:date When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place
ABBR:abb What does SMTP stand for?
NUM:code Why do ISBN numbers for books contain check digits?
ABBR:exp FAQ means what?
DESC:reason What causes drainage?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of JSON?
ENTY:body How many muscles exist?
ENTY:color How do safety colors work?
ABBR:exp What does CUW represent?
ENTY:symbol what was the symbol used by the nazis
ENTY:food What is cheese made from?
LOC:country Which country has the most water pollution
LOC:landmass What is an atoll?
NUM:volsize How large is the Arctic Ocean?
ENTY:body What is the ear?
HUM:gr What is a employers?
ENTY:food What is tilapia?
ENTY:food Where does cereal come from?
HUM:desc Describe a typical nurse
DESC:reason Why do nerves transmit?
DESC:desc What is the weather like on the moon
ABBR:exp FBI stands for what exactly?
LOC:water What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands
NUM:dist How tall is kilamanjaro
ENTY:color What color is crimson?
ABBR:exp What does LBY stand for?
ENTY:food How are seeds cultivated?
ENTY:instru What is a drill used for?
ENTY:instru How many strings does a harp have?
ENTY:word Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet, except Q, with no repeats
ENTY:product What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder
NUM:money How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly
ABBR:exp What does MDV expand to?
DESC:reason What causes lava flows?
ENTY:letter What is a script?
ENTY:techmeth How does microservices architecture work?
ENTY:symbol what signs are there in the horoscope
ENTY:word What does effervescent mean?
ENTY:product What household products are there for adult acne
ENTY:product What is a microwave?
ENTY:animal What makes resource defense important?
ENTY:food How is milk processed?
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a medical appointment?
ENTY:techmeth How does GPS tracking work?
ENTY:instru How do you use a compass?
DESC:reason Why do eyes blink?
NUM:period What is the average lifespan of a turtle?
DESC:desc How are tastes described gustatorily?
ABBR:abb What is meant by USB?
NUM:period Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it
LOC:country Where is New Zealand?
ABBR:exp What does CHE expand to?
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Argentina?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds fresh water is frozen?
ENTY:other What are the wolverine habits
ENTY:event What was the Olympics?
NUM:money How much does a book cost?
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter G in English?
ENTY:techmeth What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for automobile?
ABBR:exp What does e.g. stand for
DESC:def What is a conjunction?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a teaspoon?
ENTY:color What color is a tomato?
ENTY:food What is broccoli made from?
LOC:country What is the capital of Kenya?
ENTY:animal How do animals use touch?
ENTY:veh What is a excavator used for?
ENTY:product What do you use a scissors for?
ENTY:veh What is the fuel efficiency of a Prius in highway conditions?
ENTY:animal What is a reindeer?
NUM:money How much does a house cost?
DESC:desc What identifies personal characteristics?
ENTY:techmeth What is canary deployment?
LOC:landmass List all the continents
DESC:reason Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down
LOC:other What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde
ENTY:body What is the function of the bladder?
DESC:manner In what way do surveyors measure?
ENTY:food What is pie made from?
ENTY:event What happened on January 15, 1969
ENTY:food What is cocoa?
LOC:other Where was the first restaurant
NUM:code What does error code E429 mean in web?
ENTY:lang Where is Norwegian spoken?
DESC:def What is anaphora?
ENTY:veh How many horsepower does a Tesla Model S Plaid have?
ENTY:cremat What is mausoleum?
NUM:count What is the population of Japan?
HUM:ind Whats the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder
ENTY:event What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899
NUM:other What is the size of the internet?
ENTY:food Where does pizza come from?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a grand piano?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical bullet train?
LOC:water What connects to the Yangtze River?
NUM:money What is the cost of a movie ticket?
ENTY:techmeth What is infrastructure as code?
ENTY:food What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola
DESC:reason Why is eclipses happen?
NUM:dist How far is Earth and Moon?
ENTY:dismed What chemicals are used in lethal injection
LOC:country What country in Latin America is the largest one
LOC:state How are states delineated?
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for symbol @?
ENTY:animal What kind of dog is Scooby Doo
ENTY:product What computer operating system is on the most computers
ENTY:plant What is a lettuce?
ENTY:termeq What is an antonym for good?
DESC:def What is propylene glycol
ENTY:symbol How is the - symbol used?
HUM:ind What cigar-chewing comedian observed You re only as old as the woman you feel
NUM:count About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war
HUM:gr What is a Gen X?
ENTY:animal What was Paul Bunyans oxs name
ENTY:body What is the integumentary system?
DESC:reason What causes defaults?
LOC:water What connects to the Great Salt Lake?
DESC:def What is fibromyalgia
DESC:reason What is the reason we need sleep?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population is vegan?
ENTY:body How many male reproductive organs?
ENTY:body What is the immune system?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human genome is unique to each person?
ENTY:body What are nerve endings?
ABBR:abb What does A11y mean?
ENTY:animal How do animals use regeneration?
LOC:country What country is Kosovo a part of
LOC:landmass Name all the continents
DESC:def How does cohesion function?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym EPA
ENTY:word What is the plural of criterion?
ENTY:religion How many Agnostics are there?
ENTY:color What is Batesian mimicry?
ENTY:lang How many people speak German?
LOC:state What is the capital of Kentucky?
ENTY:veh What is a rental car?
ENTY:word What is the plural of gulf
LOC:mount How high is Mount McKinley?
ABBR:abb What is meant by WiFi?
LOC:water What connects to the Caribbean Sea?
ENTY:color How are colors represented in light?
NUM:period What is the average lifespan of a goldfish?
LOC:landmass Where is Greenland?
ENTY:cremat What is a caisson?
ENTY:food Where does cake come from?
DESC:def How is a sentence structured?
HUM:ind What was Michelangelos last name
LOC:country Tell me about Argentina
LOC:water What is a canal?
ENTY:body What is the function of the epidermis?
ENTY:food Where does pie come from?
HUM:ind Who is the father of the computer
LOC:city Where is New York?
ENTY:symbol What is the at sign symbol?
HUM:gr What is a peasants?
ENTY:product What is a bed made of?
ENTY:color How do paint colors compare?
ABBR:exp NATO expands to North Atlantic Treaty Organization?
ENTY:religion What is Zoroastrianism?
LOC:water What are Britains two longest rivers
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of API?
LOC:mount Where are the Andes Mountains?
ABBR:abb What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter
ENTY:word What does momentary mean?
DESC:reason What causes bad breath?
HUM:desc What does a dancer do?
ENTY:veh How many safety features does a modern car have?
NUM:other What is the temperature of the sun?
ENTY:cremat What is the purpose of cemetery?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for space character?
DESC:desc How are landscapes depicted in art?
ENTY:other What cards are bullets
NUM:dist How far is New York from Tokyo?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of fur
ENTY:substance How is carbon essential?
NUM:ord What is the chronological position of Barack Obama as the President of United States
ABBR:abb What does IR stand for?
ENTY:other At Christmas time, what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe
ABBR:abb What does WAN extend?
HUM:ind What is an engineer?
ENTY:symbol What is the chemical symbol for helium?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures blood pressure?
ENTY:body What is the weakest bone in the body
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds wealth is held by the top 1 percent?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Gigabyte?
LOC:city What is Cairo?
ENTY:food Where does wine come from?
NUM:money What is the cost of living?
ENTY:event What happened during the Oscars?
DESC:manner In what manner do settlers establish?
DESC:manner How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan
LOC:mount How high is Mount Fuji?
NUM:temp What is the melting point of uranium?
DESC:reason What causes leaves to turn green?
NUM:temp At what temperature does asphalt soften?
ENTY:animal What kinds of animals are in Cambodia
HUM:title What rank is Admiral?
HUM:gr How is a consortium organized?
HUM:desc What is a engineer?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Provost?
LOC:mount What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world
LOC:country Tell me about Egypt
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo and Beijing?
DESC:def How does holonym function?
NUM:weight How much does an unknown item weigh?
ENTY:religion name all the religions practiced around the Mediterranean sea
NUM:other How many countries?
ENTY:color How is blue different from purple?
ENTY:color What color is a bluebell?
NUM:temp How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins
ENTY:food How is kimchi made?
ENTY:word What is a homophone?
HUM:gr What defines a council?
LOC:other Where is Tufts University
LOC:other Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon
DESC:reason Why do muscles ache?
NUM:other How tall is the Eiffel Tower?
NUM:ord Which is your precise position in the order of seniority
DESC:manner How do you learn a language?
LOC:city Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near
ABBR:exp What is IOC an abbreviation of
NUM:count How many muscles does an oyster have
NUM:period What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate
DESC:reason What causes peace?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of the Great Lakes?
NUM:dist How far can you see
ABBR:abb TLS abbreviates what?
NUM:code What is the octal code for delete?
ENTY:color How does analogous design work?
DESC:manner How do musicians play?
ENTY:food Where does hot dog come from?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym HDMI
ENTY:color How is khaki made?
NUM:temp At what temperature does ice melt?
ENTY:word What does abstruse mean?
DESC:reason What causes droughts?
NUM:ord What is the thirteenth planet?
ABBR:exp What does the abbreviation IOC stand for
LOC:mount Where is mountain Y located?
ENTY:religion What religion is Bahai?
DESC:reason Why do wetlands persist?
LOC:state What is a prefecture?
ENTY:cremat Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival
ENTY:plant What does a lily look like?
ENTY:body What are arteries?
DESC:reason What causes betrayal?
LOC:country What two countries fought the Hundred Years War
NUM:perc What percentage of birds migrate?
NUM:dist How far is New York from Mumbai?
ENTY:instru What is a measuring cup used for?
ENTY:food How is vanilla grown?
HUM:gr What is a society ruled by elders
DESC:reason Why didn t European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions
ENTY:veh What is the roll-over stability threshold for SUVs?
DESC:desc How are similarities described comparatively?
NUM:temp What is the temperature for cooking
DESC:reason Why do moods fluctuate?
HUM:gr What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935
DESC:reason In the song Yankee Doodle, why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni
LOC:water How salty is the Dead Sea?
DESC:def What do we mean by bandwidth?
ENTY:dismed How does measles spread?
ENTY:symbol What is the chemical formula for LSD
DESC:reason What causes numbness?
ENTY:substance What is copper?
ENTY:substance What gasses are in the troposphere
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of LASER?
ENTY:lang What language is spoken in Greece?
HUM:gr What NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his coaching career with
ENTY:sport How is high jump played?
ENTY:product What was the most popular toy in 1957
NUM:ord What is the ninth letter of the alphabet?
ENTY:instru What device measures atmospheric pressure?
ENTY:religion What religion is Neopaganism?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds electricity comes from renewables?
NUM:money What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments
NUM:perc What percentage of Americans report having a fear of flying?
ENTY:color What is the wavelength of violet light?
DESC:desc What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu
LOC:country What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of
ENTY:product Name the disposable razor that costs about 19 cents
ENTY:other What are some unusual cloud formations?
DESC:desc What conveys metamorphosis?
ENTY:veh What is the thickness of car window glass?
DESC:manner What is the way to bake a cake?
ENTY:food What are modern grains?
DESC:manner How successful is arometherapy
NUM:speed How fast is a plane?
NUM:date What year was DNA discovered?
ABBR:exp What does TUN expand to?
LOC:country In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting
ABBR:abb What is meant by GPU?
ENTY:dismed What is omeprazole?
NUM:weight What is the weight of the Earth in kilograms?
LOC:state How are jurisdictions established?
NUM:volsize How large is the Caspian Sea?
ENTY:animal How do animals play dead?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ
ENTY:symbol list 5 signs from the chinese zodiac
HUM:gr What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles
ENTY:food What is blueberry made from?
ENTY:lang What is Finnish known for?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds gold has been mined?
ABBR:abb What does NATO mean?
DESC:desc What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner
ENTY:termeq What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet, Sisley, Pissarro, Renoir and Degas
NUM:count How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical refrigerator?
ENTY:body What is the heart?
DESC:manner How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia
ENTY:plant What is the state flower of Michigan
LOC:other Where is Mozambique located
NUM:period How long does cocaine stay in your system
NUM:other What is the surface area of human skin?
ENTY:religion Which religion has the most countries?
ENTY:termeq Is house the same as dwelling?
DESC:desc What captures unattractiveness?
ENTY:substance What is ammonia?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of an Olympic pool?
HUM:title What is Nicholas Cages profession
NUM:ord Where were you in the queue
NUM:perc What percent of the population has blue eyes?
HUM:gr Who are the alumni?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal number for 5?
ENTY:veh How does a train run?
NUM:other How many stars are in the Milky Way?
HUM:gr Who are the faculty?
ENTY:plant What is a carrot?
NUM:period What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Remote Sensing?
ENTY:word What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word
NUM:speed What is the escape velocity needed to leave Earths gravity?
ENTY:dismed How is diabetes treated?
ENTY:termeq What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole
DESC:manner How do watchmakers assemble?
LOC:water What is the Caribbean Sea?
ENTY:letter Whats the second-most-used vowel in English
ENTY:food How are ducks?
ENTY:sport How is hockey played?
ENTY:substance What is aluminum used for?
HUM:desc Who was Ezra Taft Benson
DESC:desc How are emotions described affectively?
ENTY:cremat How are remains disposed of traditionally?
LOC:water What is the Great Salt Lake?
ENTY:termeq What are dinosaur droppings called
LOC:country What country comes last in an alphabetical list
ABBR:exp CPR is the abbreviation for what
HUM:gr How is a alliance organized?
DESC:def What is sonar
NUM:perc What percentage of mammals are bats?
DESC:manner How do therapists counsel?
DESC:manner In what manner do illustrators draw?
DESC:def How does context shape meaning?
ENTY:word What does esoteric mean?
NUM:period How long was the longest hiccup attack
LOC:city What is the name of the largest city in Chile, South America
ABBR:abb What does UNICEF stand for?
NUM:code How does hexadecimal work?
ENTY:letter How many scripts are in English?
ENTY:color What is black?
NUM:other What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland
LOC:city Tell me about Houston
ABBR:abb What does EMI cause?
NUM:perc What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch The Simpsons
ENTY:food How is buckwheat grown?
LOC:mount What is the Alps?
DESC:desc What captures sadness?
NUM:ord Where did Harvard fall on the U.S. News & World Report list this year
ENTY:veh How does a space shuttle work?
ABBR:exp What does NLD expand to?
DESC:desc How are nature scenes described?
ENTY:termeq What is the meaning of beautiful?
NUM:perc What percentage of people are left-handed?
ENTY:color What is a common olive item?
NUM:weight what is the mass of the moon
HUM:desc Describe a typical dentist
ABBR:abb In computing, URL refers to what?
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a commercial flight?
ENTY:religion How many Seventh-day Adventists are there?
DESC:manner How do plants grow?
DESC:desc What is a narrative description?
DESC:reason Why do traditions continue?
ENTY:animal what is the biggest predator in the animal kingdom
DESC:manner How do ants have sex
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter D in English?
ABBR:exp What does IMF expand to?
ENTY:body What is the function of the artery?
ABBR:exp YMCA expands to Young Mens Christian Association?
DESC:def What are liver enzymes
HUM:gr What stereo manufacturer is Slightly ahead of its time
NUM:weight How much does a large watermelon weigh?
ENTY:food What is Carrot?
HUM:title Who directed Forrest Gump?
NUM:count How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Goghs 188 work The Artists Room in Arles
NUM:count What is the number of states of France?
NUM:ord Who came in twelfth place?
ENTY:techmeth How does convolutional neural networks work?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body is blood?
DESC:def What is cryptography
ENTY:lang What is the language spoken in Vietnam?
LOC:water What lake is Sheboygan on
ENTY:product What is Adidas?
ENTY:techmeth What is CRISPR gene editing?
ABBR:exp DHCP means what in full form?
DESC:reason Why does we have hiccups?
DESC:def How do sound changes occur?
NUM:perc What percentage of the blood is water?
LOC:country What defines a republic?
HUM:gr What is a representatives?
HUM:desc How are therapists?
ENTY:body How many segments does the human spine have?
ENTY:dismed What is lisinopril used for?
NUM:perc What percentage of minorities in the population?
ENTY:lang What language is spoken in Serbia?
ENTY:body What are actin and myosin?
LOC:mount What is the height of Andes Mountains?
ENTY:animal What is a group of turkeys called
DESC:manner In what way do runners sprint?
NUM:weight what is the combined mass of all ants in the world
HUM:ind Who became president of the U.S. in 1789
ABBR:abb What does laser stand for?
ENTY:veh What is a fleet vehicle?
NUM:period How many hours does a typical night shift last?
HUM:desc Who invented the printing press?
NUM:period What is the age when most humans reach full cognitive development?
DESC:reason What causes infections?
ENTY:instru What tool measures resistance?
HUM:desc What does a teacher do?
NUM:speed What is the maximum speed of a train?
DESC:desc What is the Aurora Borealis like?
NUM:volsize How big is the universe actually
DESC:desc What conveys rage?
LOC:country What continent is South Korea in?
ENTY:animal How do animals innovate?
ENTY:color How do languages name colors?
NUM:other What is pi?
ENTY:sport What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move
ENTY:plant What is a seaweed?
ENTY:techmeth What is stem cells?
DESC:def What is denotation?
HUM:gr What is a squad?
NUM:code What pattern exists in postal codes across different regions?
ENTY:event Tell me about the COVID-19 pandemic
NUM:weight What is the weight of a typical adult brain?
DESC:manner In what manner do glaziers cut?
ENTY:other What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy
ENTY:body How many types of white blood cells are there?
ENTY:dismed What is the fear of the computer called
NUM:money What is a movie ticket price?
ENTY:color What color eyes are most sensitive to light
ENTY:animal How do animals store food?
ABBR:exp CNN is the abbreviation for what
ABBR:abb What does RF stand for?
HUM:desc What is a dermatologist?
ENTY:veh Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking
DESC:def What do we mean by hormone?
ENTY:sport How is cricket played?
ABBR:exp CMO stands for what?
ENTY:veh How long is a typical container ship?
ENTY:event Tell me about the Industrial Revolution
ENTY:animal What is a panda?
LOC:state Where is Ohio?
ENTY:religion What is the Baháʼí Faith based on?
ABBR:exp What does EPA expand to?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of EPA?
ENTY:instru What is a telescope used for?
ENTY:veh How many passenger seats are in a typical urban bus?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds population lives in cities?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of high jump?
ENTY:food Where does beer come from?
ABBR:abb What does HTTPS stand for?
HUM:desc What does a pulmonologist do?
ENTY:veh What is the horsepower of a Lamborghini Huracán?
LOC:state What is an enclave?
NUM:code What is the octal code for escape character?
NUM:perc What percentage is grassland?
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes asterisk?
DESC:desc Can you describe the Mona Lisa?
NUM:code What system determines the digits in a social security number?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population is nearsighted?
ABBR:exp What is UN?
DESC:def What is agent orange
NUM:speed What is the speed of a roller coaster?
NUM:period What is the standard duration of maternity leave?
ENTY:body What are synapses?
NUM:dist how far is Ceuta from Gibraltar
ENTY:religion What religion do Seventh-day Adventists follow?
ENTY:color What is a common cyan item?
NUM:code What does error code E404 mean?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths forests have been cut down?
NUM:count How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I
NUM:count How many members are in the California congressional delegation
LOC:mount What is the height of Mount Rushmore?
ENTY:sport What is rock climbing?
ENTY:animal How big is a kangaroo?
ABBR:abb What does IQ measure?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Poland?
HUM:gr What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July, 1984
LOC:other Name a civil war battlefield
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Artificial Intelligence?
ENTY:instru How does a harp resonate?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for micro
HUM:ind Tell me about Plato
ENTY:animal What is a antelope?
ENTY:cremat What book opens At a certain village in La Mancha, which I shall not name..
ENTY:body How does the heart pump?
NUM:date When was Ulysses S. Grant born
ENTY:body What does the vertebra do?
DESC:desc How are relationships described relationally?
ENTY:techmeth What is CRISPR?
DESC:desc What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother
ENTY:animal What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noahs Ark
ENTY:food How is crab?
NUM:money How much does a cup of coffee cost?
ENTY:product What is a hairbrush made of?
ENTY:color How does hue vary?
ENTY:food What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk
ENTY:word What does inauspicious mean?
ENTY:plant What is a broccoli?
NUM:dist How far is London from Prague?
DESC:manner How can I get my product licensed by the NBA
ABBR:exp What does RF expand to?
ENTY:substance What is argon?
DESC:manner How did the 7th inning stretch get started
ENTY:plant What plant is carnivorous?
ENTY:color How does Mie scattering work?
ENTY:lang Name a Gaelic language
NUM:dist What is the distance between Sydney and Auckland?
HUM:gr What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl
ENTY:animal What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make mans best companion in space
ENTY:veh How deep is a cargo container floor?
NUM:perc What percentage is expected to pass?
DESC:def What is the definition of low island
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds food is wasted?
ENTY:veh What is a roller compactor?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation SSH
DESC:reason Why do markets fluctuate?
NUM:weight tell me the mass of jupiter
NUM:other What is a prime number?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds oxygen is produced by the ocean?
ENTY:animal What makes homing adaptive?
ABBR:abb What does JSON store?
ENTY:techmeth What is the Internet of Things?
LOC:other What are some good medical sites for information
ENTY:religion What is Alawite Islam?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of WHO?
ENTY:letter What letter denotes the accusative case?
DESC:reason How come a doughnut has a hole in it
LOC:state What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S.
LOC:city The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Wide Area Network?
ENTY:termeq What is pragmatics?
NUM:date What year was electricity discovered?
ENTY:instru What device measures heat?
LOC:other What is website of the International Court of Justice
ENTY:instru What tool measures thermal conductivity?
NUM:period How many days in a month?
ENTY:dismed Name a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS
NUM:period How many weeks of gestation does a human need to be viable?
NUM:count What is the population of China?
NUM:other Whats a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise
LOC:mount How high is Mount Whitney?
LOC:state What is Ohio known for?
ENTY:cremat What is a wake reception?
ENTY:termeq Is lawyer the same as attorney?
DESC:def How do paradoxes work?
ENTY:letter What is the least used letter in English?
DESC:def What is the definition of algorithm?
ENTY:body Where is the stomach?
DESC:reason What causes roots to grow downward?
ENTY:plant Where do willows grow?
ENTY:animal What makes running fast?
DESC:def What do we mean by metaphor?
HUM:ind How does a entrepreneur contribute?
NUM:dist How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain
ABBR:abb What does WHO stand for?
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a documentary?
HUM:desc What does a geomorphologist study?
DESC:reason What causes cramps?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Korean?
NUM:period How many centuries has human civilization existed?
ENTY:religion What religion is Monophysitism?
HUM:ind What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984
ENTY:lang What language is spoken in Hungary?
ABBR:exp What does BTU mean
ABBR:exp What does CPR stand for
HUM:gr Who are the natives?
DESC:manner In what manner do zoologists categorize?
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym OLED
HUM:desc What is the role of a mentor?
ENTY:other What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940
ENTY:word Whats another word that means knows all
NUM:volsize how small is a microbe
LOC:country Tell me about Germany
LOC:country What is the capital of Hungary?
NUM:dist What is the distance across Australia?
LOC:water What is the Dead Sea?
ENTY:dismed What is insulin used for?
NUM:volsize How large is the Red Sea?
DESC:def What is a metaphor?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Hungarian alphabet have?
DESC:def How does non-standard language differ?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for shekel?
ENTY:techmeth What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque
NUM:money How much does a new railroad coal car cost
LOC:state What is a province?
NUM:date When was the DNA invented?
ENTY:product What is the most expensive car in the world
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Federal Bureau of Investigation?
ENTY:food What is hamburger made from?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of aluminum?
ABBR:exp UNESCO expands to United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization?
LOC:landmass Which continent is the Sahara Desert on?
ENTY:plant What plant is rum made from
LOC:city What is the capital of Seattle
NUM:money What is the price of gold per ounce?
NUM:count How many districts does London have?
ENTY:body What are receptors?
ENTY:product What is a monitor?
DESC:def What is spatial deixis?
ENTY:substance What molecules include fluorine, sodium and magnesium
ENTY:dismed What is the fear of cockroaches called
NUM:other How often does Old Faithful erupt at Yellowstone National Park
DESC:reason What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym LED
ENTY:veh What is the thermal efficiency of diesel engines?
DESC:manner In what manner do architects blueprint?
LOC:country What two countries in South America are landlocked
ENTY:word What is a word that means difficult?
DESC:desc How would you characterize this?
HUM:ind Rotary engines used to be made by whom
ABBR:abb What does CFO stand for?
LOC:country What three European countries begin with the letter A
ABBR:exp GPU is short for what exactly?
DESC:def What does the name Shawn mean
DESC:desc What is the origin of thank you notes
ENTY:word How many syllables does comfortable have?
ABBR:abb What does CIA stand for?
DESC:def How would you define analogy?
ENTY:religion What do Buddhism followers believe?
DESC:desc How is luxury described sumptously?
ENTY:animal What makes lactation important?
ENTY:color How is yellow formed?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Secure Shell?
ENTY:food What is egg?
LOC:water What river runs through Liverpool
ENTY:religion What is Confucianism based on?
DESC:def What are equity securities
DESC:reason Why is poop sometimes different colors
ENTY:body What digestive organ concentrates the bile into the form thats best used for digestion
LOC:landmass What continent has the most people?
NUM:weight How much does a laptop computer weigh?
ENTY:veh What is the maximum speed of an autonomous vehicle?
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes female?
ABBR:abb What does RF transmit?
ENTY:color How are colors mixed in painting?
HUM:ind What is the most common name
HUM:ind Who is the author of the book, The Iron Lady A Biography of Margaret Thatcher
HUM:title what are the army highest ranking officers called
DESC:def What is a compound word?
ENTY:symbol How is the * symbol used?
ENTY:body How do ovaries produce?
ENTY:religion What is Spiritualism?
ABBR:exp Write out TLS in full
LOC:mount What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North Americas eastward and westward-flowing rivers
ENTY:veh How does an airplane fly?
LOC:state What is Michigan known for?
LOC:mount What is the worlds highest peak
NUM:other What is the weight of a human brain?
NUM:count What is the number of oceans?
NUM:weight How much do all the insects on Earth weigh combined?
ENTY:color What is a common beige item?
DESC:reason Why is the universe flat, if it started by an explosion, shouldn t it be a sphere
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body is water in infants?
ENTY:plant What is a violet?
ENTY:lang How is Italian spoken?
DESC:def How do moods work?
ENTY:color What is color blocking?
NUM:dist How far is London from Rome?
ABBR:abb What does HTTP stand for?
ENTY:instru What is a saw used for?
LOC:water Where is the Tigris-Euphrates?
DESC:manner How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced
ENTY:other What are the components of polyester
DESC:def How does acronymy form?
ABBR:exp What does SSD stand for?
ENTY:word What is the plural of the word alumni?
ENTY:veh What is a cargo plane?
ENTY:religion what religion do the jews practice
NUM:dist What is the distance across the Grand Canyon?
ENTY:religion What is the primary religion in Indonesia?
HUM:gr What company makes impulse hardening equipment
LOC:water What is the Pacific Ocean?
LOC:water On what river is Rome built
NUM:count How many different countries export coffee
ABBR:abb What does FBI mean?
HUM:ind Tell me about Mahatma Gandhi
NUM:date What time of year is air travel the heaviest
NUM:other What is the largest library in the world?
ENTY:product What is a laptop made of?
DESC:manner How do you get dates with the Hooters girls
ENTY:instru What is a accordion used for?
LOC:water What connects to the Mississippi River?
DESC:def What is standard language?
ENTY:techmeth How does clustering algorithm work?
NUM:ord What is the eleventh letter of the alphabet?
ABBR:abb What does GIF stand for?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a human skin?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Customer Relationship Management?
ENTY:food Where does spinach come from?
HUM:ind Who was the first man to return to space
LOC:country What country borders the most others
DESC:manner How do you fix squeaky floors
ENTY:plant What is a pine?
LOC:landmass How are beaches created?
HUM:ind What is the name of the inventor of silly putty
ENTY:event What happened during Coachella?
NUM:count What is the number of organs in the body?
LOC:city What town was the setting for The Music Man
HUM:ind Who was the first vice president of the U.S.
HUM:desc What does a geologist do?
LOC:other Where did Bill Gates go to college
NUM:period What is the average lifespan of a bear?
LOC:state What is Illinois known for?
DESC:desc How is literature described narratively?
HUM:ind How does a diplomat contribute?
ENTY:religion How is Buddhism meditated?
LOC:country What is the capital of Portugal?
NUM:dist What is the wingspan of a condor
NUM:speed What is the speed of the fastest fish?
NUM:ord What is the fourteenth planet?
DESC:manner How do you write a letter?
LOC:city What is Californias capital
NUM:weight What is the mass of 500 m of copper wire with a diameter of 1 mm
NUM:perc What percentage is the markup?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a bullet train on Japanese rail lines?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for till?
ENTY:termeq How are concepts categorized?
HUM:ind How are architects?
LOC:country What continent is Portugal in?
ENTY:body What is the function of white blood cells?
DESC:reason What causes inflammation?
DESC:manner How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line
ENTY:other In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets
ENTY:techmeth What is the best way to travel in Japan
NUM:weight How much does a hardcover book weigh?
ENTY:event How are exhibitions organized?
NUM:count How many innings are there in a regulation softball game
ENTY:food What foods contain the most protein
DESC:manner How do embroiderers stitch?
DESC:reason Why do some people have two different color eyes
ENTY:symbol What is the % symbol?
NUM:dist How far is Moscow from St. Petersburg?
ENTY:symbol What does the moon represent?
NUM:period How many days is menstrual cycle?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of the Suns corona?
NUM:count How many colors are there in a rainbow
ENTY:word How many letters does the word pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism have?
NUM:volsize how big was the roman empire
NUM:dist How far is New York from Madrid?
DESC:manner How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War
NUM:temp What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins
ENTY:food Where does banana come from?
ENTY:veh What is a mechanical lift?
ENTY:religion What is Channeling in spirituality?
LOC:state What is the capital of Oklahoma?
DESC:def How do relative clauses modify?
NUM:other What is the chemical reactivity of helium
ENTY:color What is color stability?
LOC:city What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims
ENTY:currency Which country uses the peso?
NUM:date When was Queen Victoria born
NUM:period How long is the typical duration of a dental cleaning?
ENTY:letter What letter comes first?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Megabyte?
ABBR:abb What does the number 5 stand for on FUBU clothing
ENTY:veh What is a jet ski used for?
ENTY:substance What does saliva consist of
DESC:desc What makes color descriptions evocative?
DESC:reason Why do tundras freeze?
LOC:mount Which volcano has the world’s largest rise from base to peak
NUM:date When was the signing of the Magna Carta?
DESC:manner How was the element calcium named
NUM:perc What percentage of the population is ambidextrous?
HUM:title What is a Cardinal?
NUM:count How many people live in the Falklands
ENTY:color What color is a violet?
HUM:gr What do we call theists?
DESC:reason What is D.B. Cooper known for
ENTY:techmeth What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons
ABBR:exp What does HTTP expand to?
ENTY:veh What is the payload capacity of a Chevrolet Silverado?
DESC:def What is a clause?
LOC:country What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait
LOC:landmass What is Europe?
DESC:desc Describe the Eiffel Tower
HUM:title Who holds the title of Admiral?
ABBR:abb LED abbreviates what?
NUM:temp What is the temperature on Venus?
NUM:dist How far is London from Cairo?
ENTY:color What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S.
ENTY:event What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21, 1891
DESC:reason What is the causal explanation?
ENTY:letter What is the rarest letter in Scrabble?
HUM:ind Who is the mayor of Marbella
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of weakness
DESC:manner How does it make its colors
DESC:def What is supernova
DESC:manner What is the way to change a tire?
ENTY:symbol What is the ♥ symbol used for?
NUM:dist What is the length of the coastline of the state of Alaska
ENTY:instru What is a Banjo?
NUM:count How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge
ENTY:animal What animal has killed the most people
LOC:city What is the capital of Italy
HUM:desc Who is Stephen Hawking
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Mumbai?
NUM:dist tell me the radius of the proton
ENTY:lang Where is French spoken?
ENTY:symbol what does the an umbrella with rain falling on it symbol look like
LOC:city What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections
ENTY:dismed What is dengue fever?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym GPU
ENTY:color What is pink?
ENTY:animal What is Californias state bird
ENTY:substance What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a slane to cut
LOC:state What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath
ENTY:color Self-luminous colors appear to glow even though no light is emitted. An example isself-luminous red which may be seen by staring at green and then looking at white. Do you know any other Self-luminous color
ENTY:letter What letter appears most in English?
NUM:volsize How big is a quart
NUM:other How many countries have coastlines?
ENTY:word What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu, meaning cover fire
ENTY:body What are the largest salivary glands
ENTY:plant Where do seaweeds grow?
LOC:water Where is Lake Victoria?
ABBR:abb What does LTR indicate?
ENTY:food What do penguins eat
HUM:ind Who created Big Ben
ENTY:body What are the gonads?
ENTY:cremat What TV station did Mary Richards work for
ENTY:lang What is Spanish?
ABBR:exp What does GMB expand to?
ENTY:veh What is a trolley?
ENTY:food What is yogurt made from?
LOC:city Where is Madrid?
DESC:reason Why were the American soldiers in WWI called Doughboys
ENTY:event What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s
ENTY:lang What is Vietnamese known for?
ABBR:exp What does UV expand to?
ENTY:body Where is the vein?
ENTY:other What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become
LOC:landmass What continent has the Amazon rainforest?
HUM:title What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a human stomach?
HUM:title What is a Marshal?
ENTY:instru How many keys does a standard piano have?
ENTY:plant What are two plants that clothes are made from
HUM:gr What is a council?
LOC:state What is the capital of Utah?
ENTY:plant Where do corns grow?
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a parking meter?
ENTY:plant What is rice?
LOC:other Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie
ENTY:dismed How is chickenpox treated?
ENTY:substance What is potassium?
ENTY:animal What makes smell acute?
NUM:code What does error code E502 mean in web?
NUM:count What is the number of states of Peru?
ENTY:color How is burgundy made?
NUM:dist How far is it from Cairo to Cape Town?
DESC:reason Why do USA fax machines not work in UK, NNP
ENTY:cremat Tell me about memorial service
NUM:count Count the states
DESC:reason Why do flowers bloom?
ENTY:letter What is the letter that looks like a backwards R?
NUM:count How many visitors go to the Vatican each year
LOC:city What city is near the mouth of the Amazon
NUM:dist tell me the diameter of jupiter
ENTY:plant What does a daisy look like?
ENTY:color What colors make up a rainbow
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Basque alphabet have?
HUM:title How does a librarian organize?
ENTY:product What is the Lamborghini?
DESC:def What do we mean by encryption?
DESC:reason Why is the moon different sizes and colors
ENTY:body Which organ releases bicarbonate and digestive enzymes such as trypsin, lipase, and amylase during the digestion process
HUM:gr What do we call employers?
NUM:ord What is the thirteenth book in the series?
ENTY:word What is a antonym?
HUM:desc Describe a typical archaeologist
DESC:manner How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS
LOC:other Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand
ENTY:veh How many cylinders does a Toyota Camry engine typically have?
ENTY:body What is the function of the medulla oblongata?
ENTY:word What does gossamer mean?
HUM:ind Who was Plato?
NUM:speed How fast can a bighorn sheep run?
LOC:landmass What is Sub-Saharan Africa?
NUM:other How many elements exist?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Post Office Box?
ENTY:letter What is the first letter of the English alphabet?
ENTY:body What is the urethra?
NUM:count How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty
HUM:gr Who are the senators?
ENTY:termeq What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called
ENTY:instru How do you use a harmonica?
ENTY:plant What is a cactus?
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym SSH
DESC:reason What causes volcanic eruptions?
ENTY:termeq What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as
ENTY:word What is the plural of the word moose?
NUM:weight How much does a can of soda weigh?
NUM:weight How much does a Boeing 747 weigh?
NUM:period How long does it take to earn a PhD?
LOC:landmass name the 2 Portuguese archipelagos
NUM:perc What percentage of the population has red hair?
NUM:speed What is the speed of sound in different media?
NUM:period How long does a dog sleep
ABBR:exp What does EGY stand for?
NUM:other What is the sales tax rate in New York
ENTY:animal What animal migrates the farthest
ENTY:techmeth How does wireless charging work?
DESC:manner How do movie blues screens work
LOC:other Where did Luther display his Ninety-Five Theses
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym TLS
ENTY:cremat On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found
ENTY:color What color does litmus paper turn when it comes into contact with a strong acid
ENTY:instru How many strings does a dulcimer have?
NUM:perc What percentage of the forest is boreal?
ENTY:body What does the tongue do?
ENTY:body How many neurons are in the human brain?
DESC:desc What conveys happiness?
DESC:reason Why do proteins fold?
ENTY:veh what is the name of the mars rover
NUM:perc What percentage of GDP is spent on education?
HUM:title How does a secretary work?
DESC:def What is flintknapping
LOC:water Where is the Danube River?
NUM:period How many hours in a day?
ENTY:veh What is a tractor used for?
ENTY:symbol What is the zodiac sign for August 14
HUM:gr What defines a unit?
NUM:weight How much does a gallon of milk weigh?
DESC:desc What captures surprise?
NUM:date In what year was the Berlin Wall erected
ENTY:color What is rust?
HUM:title How does a Chancellor lead?
LOC:city What country is Madrid in?
ENTY:event What was the moon landing?
ABBR:abb In computing, RAM refers to what?
NUM:period How long does it take for hair to grow back after cutting?
LOC:other What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address
ENTY:veh How wide is a motorcycle including mirrors?
LOC:city What are the 10 largest cities in the US
ENTY:body Where does your hair grow the fastest
ENTY:body What is blood?
HUM:gr What do we call alumni?
HUM:desc Who is Stein Eriksen
ENTY:word What is a phrase?
ENTY:plant What plant produces vanilla flavoring?
ENTY:body Where is the lung?
ENTY:other What defines a significant discovery?
ENTY:food What is pizza?
NUM:temp At what temperature does wax melt?
LOC:state What is the largest city in North Dakota?
ENTY:techmeth What is robotics?
ABBR:abb In computing, TLS refers to what?
ENTY:body Which muscles are the only muscles that can be consciously controlled
ENTY:lang What is Polish?
LOC:state What is Maryland known for?
NUM:ord What is the twelfth letter of the alphabet?
ENTY:animal How do animals defend?
LOC:state How are autonomous regions administered?
DESC:manner Describe how to build a bookshelf
ENTY:sport What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid
ENTY:substance What precious stone is a form of pure carbon
DESC:desc Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from
HUM:gr What culture developed the idea of potlatch
LOC:country What country owns Corsica
LOC:landmass What is Ellesmere?
LOC:water What is the Lake Superior?
ENTY:substance What is salt?
NUM:perc What fraction of the Earths oxygen is produced by ocean plankton?
ENTY:plant Which plant is drought resistant?
NUM:ord What is the fourth book in the series?
DESC:def What is barnstorming
NUM:dist How far is Paris from Tokyo?
ENTY:animal How do ethologists study?
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for letter A?
ENTY:dismed What infectious disease is the worlds deadliest
ENTY:body What is the function of the liver?
NUM:code What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky
ENTY:color How does camouflage use?
ENTY:dismed How is obesity treated?
NUM:volsize How big is a tennis ball?
NUM:code How are barcode codes structured?
ENTY:plant What plant is known as the corpse flower?
DESC:desc What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about
DESC:def What is ambiguity?
LOC:city What country is Bangkok in?
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for till?
ENTY:veh How does a snowmobile work?
NUM:code What does error code E418 mean in web?
ENTY:body How many bones are in the human spine?
NUM:period How long is the typical duration of anesthesia during surgery?
ENTY:letter How many consonants are in the English alphabet?
ENTY:food Where does carrot come from?
DESC:def What is perlocution?
DESC:reason Why do people bond?
DESC:reason What causes deforestation?
NUM:weight What is the weight of blood?
HUM:desc What does a actor do?
DESC:def What is The Gay Science
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a standard shipping container?
DESC:reason Why do many Native American students not complete college
LOC:city Tell me about Amsterdam
LOC:country What is the capital of India?
ENTY:word What is a synonym for old?
DESC:manner How do you tell somebody you like them
ENTY:color How do sports team colors?
NUM:volsize what size was the largest reptile to ever live
HUM:title What is the role of a Coordinator?
ENTY:religion How is Taoism taught?
ABBR:exp What does PRK stand for?
NUM:perc What percentage is water?
NUM:temp At what temperature does steel lose its strength?
NUM:count How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts
ENTY:product What is iPad?
ENTY:lang Where is Chinese spoken?
DESC:desc What exactly, specifically does sleep do for you
ENTY:animal How do animals sense temperature?
ENTY:animal What defines an apex predator?
ENTY:symbol What is the ♣ symbol used for?
ENTY:event When did the Renaissance occur?
ENTY:symbol name all traffic signs
NUM:money What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach
LOC:other Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney, Australia
NUM:period How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for User-Centered Design?
NUM:temp At what temperature does concrete set?
ABBR:exp What does TCA represent?
LOC:other What is a geographic location at coordinates -23, -60?
ENTY:symbol What is the registered trademark symbol?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Princess?
ENTY:color What is leucism?
HUM:ind Who invented the Moog Synthesizer
ENTY:body What is the function of the hair?
ENTY:religion What is Catholicism based on?
ENTY:body How many lobes does the human brain have?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of CRUD?
ENTY:event What happened during the Reformation?
ENTY:food What do river otters eat
ENTY:termeq Whats the term for an organism that lives on or in another
NUM:money How much did a McDonalds hamburger cost in 1963
ENTY:veh How thick is a car bumper in modern designs?
ENTY:instru What tool measures pH levels?
LOC:water What is the Amazon River?
NUM:date What year was the Industrial Revolution?
HUM:title What is a Commissioner?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of RNA?
LOC:country How is a nation governed?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of tennis?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a cat?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym HTTP
ENTY:symbol Where is the degree symbol symbol used?
ENTY:animal In Beetle Bailey, can you name Sarges dog
DESC:desc How are endings described finitely?
ENTY:letter What letter is used for sulfur on the periodic table?
LOC:city What country is London in?
ABBR:exp What does RNA expand to?
ENTY:other What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant
NUM:code What does error code E401 mean in web?
LOC:landmass What continents name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label
DESC:reason Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus
ENTY:instru How do you use a axe?
NUM:date When will Jean Aeul publish her next book
ENTY:veh What is the structural rigidity of a car chassis?
NUM:speed What is the speed of light in water?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for bell?
ENTY:other How are historical photos archived?
ENTY:food What is a mineral?
ENTY:religion What do Jainism followers believe?
ABBR:abb RAM abbreviates what?
ENTY:word What is a noun?
ENTY:body What is the function of the corpus callosum?
ENTY:plant How do roots absorb?
ENTY:food Where does orange come from?
NUM:count How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, December 21, CD
NUM:date How many days are in 2024?
ENTY:veh How many wheels does a bicycle have?
NUM:other How many lakes are there?
ENTY:other What is Bella Abzugs sartorial trademark
LOC:city The Orange Bowl is located in what city
LOC:landmass Where is Madagascar?
DESC:def How does backformation work?
DESC:def What are geckos
NUM:period How many hours does a typical concert last?
LOC:mount Which mountain is the highest in the Andes?
ENTY:termeq Whats a Drinker respirator better known as
ENTY:animal What is a hawk?
NUM:ord What is twenty-first?
NUM:period How long does it take for a bone to heal after fracture?
ENTY:other What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions
NUM:period What is the average lifespan of a wolf?
ABBR:abb DNS abbreviates what?
LOC:country What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak
ENTY:veh What is a skateboard?
DESC:manner How do they find an epicenter
ENTY:dismed What is a fungus?
DESC:reason Why is we have hiccups?
NUM:money What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S.
NUM:count Count the species
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Indonesia?
ENTY:cremat What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced
DESC:def How do status markers show?
DESC:reason Why are sometimes your hands cold, but the rest of you isn t
DESC:reason Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason
NUM:temp At what temperature does chocolate reach its melting point?
ENTY:animal What are the two largest birds on earth
ENTY:animal What is a group of frogs called
DESC:def What is a message?
LOC:city What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific
ENTY:food What is Fish?
ENTY:food What is cucumber?
ENTY:body How do platelets clot?
NUM:temp What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins
ENTY:product What is a bookshelf?
NUM:code What is the octal code for letter A?
DESC:desc How are conflicts described antagonistically?
HUM:ind What is Rona Barretts married name
ENTY:product How does a dishwasher work?
ENTY:instru What is a trumpet used for?
LOC:water How salty is the Indian Ocean?
ENTY:symbol What is the + symbol?
DESC:manner How do nomads wander?
ENTY:cremat What are the most albums sold by one artist or band
ENTY:food What is beer?
DESC:manner How do veterinarians treat?
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from New York?
ENTY:animal How do animals use mimicry?
ENTY:animal What are crustaceans?
ENTY:veh How many wheels does a standard forklift have?
LOC:state What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi
NUM:count How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended
LOC:mount How high is Mount Elbrus?
ENTY:word What does inanimous mean?
HUM:title What is a Duke?
ENTY:currency What currency does Australia use?
DESC:reason Why do mountains rise?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Galileo?
LOC:landmass What is Mindanao?
NUM:count What is the number of sides of a die?
LOC:landmass What is a fjord?
ENTY:substance What is hydrogen peroxide used for?
ENTY:animal What makes undulation useful?
NUM:date What year was World War I?
ENTY:veh Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed
ENTY:plant Where do sunflowers grow?
LOC:water Where is the Mississippi River?
ENTY:color How is indigo different from blue?
ENTY:termeq What other name were the Little Rascals known as
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to dark?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees
ABBR:exp What does IR expand to?
ENTY:plant What is a tulip?
HUM:gr What was the previous name for the Commonwealth
ENTY:word What does confined mean?
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for couch?
ENTY:animal What are social insects?
DESC:desc What creates luminous imagery?
ENTY:dismed What does Salk vaccine prevent
ABBR:exp What does RWA expand to?
NUM:date When was the radio invented?
ENTY:product What is a chair made of?
ENTY:event What is an exhibition?
HUM:ind Tell me about Napoleon Bonaparte
DESC:desc Whats the difference between carelessness and carefreeness
ENTY:product What is a washing machine?
LOC:landmass What is the Sahara?
ENTY:currency How many baht are in a dollar?
HUM:gr What defines a alliance?
ENTY:lang What is Norwegian?
ENTY:word What does loquacious mean?
ENTY:color What color is khaki?
ENTY:other What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then, but then it goes away, after a while
DESC:desc What is the Mona Lisa like?
ENTY:currency How many rubles are in a dollar?
HUM:ind Who was the inventor of the stove
ENTY:instru What instrument measures earthquake intensity?
HUM:ind How are artists?
HUM:gr What government department did The Untouchables work for
DESC:manner What is the way to take a photograph?
NUM:code tell me the hospitals phone number
DESC:def What does the word camaro mean, from the GM car the Camaro
ABBR:abb What does SSL secure?
ENTY:termeq Aspartame is also known as what
LOC:landmass What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip
ABBR:abb What does NASA mean?
ENTY:cremat What is the purpose of requiem?
ENTY:letter What letter follows q most often?
NUM:temp What temperature does water evaporate?
ENTY:body Where is the cerebellum?
NUM:period How many centuries have passed since the year 1800?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Rainier?
NUM:speed What is the speed hummingbirds fly
LOC:country What countries have the largest areas of forest
NUM:date When was Florida admitted into the Union
ENTY:instru How does a synthesizer generate?
ENTY:lang What is the primary language of Poland?
DESC:desc What do Christian Scientists believe in
ENTY:body How many chambers does the heart have?
ENTY:termeq What is another name for nearsightedness
HUM:ind Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team
ENTY:animal How big is a snake?
ENTY:veh What is a truck?
DESC:manner In what manner do animals hunt?
NUM:period How long does it take to become a doctor?
NUM:other How often are quadruplets born
NUM:speed How fast does the Moon orbit Earth?
ENTY:plant What is a corn?
ENTY:termeq Is joyful the same as happy?
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Canada?
DESC:reason Why do skins itch?
DESC:reason Why do hormones regulate?
DESC:manner In what manner do sociologists survey?
ENTY:cremat How are urns sealed?
HUM:title Who wrote 1984?
ENTY:food What do manatees eat
ENTY:lang What is a language spoken by the Sioux
ENTY:sport What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play
NUM:money What is the average house cost?
LOC:water What is the Fjord called in Scandinavia?
ABBR:exp What does MHL represent?
HUM:desc Who is Nicolo Paganini
ENTY:dismed What are the 10 plagues of Egypt
NUM:period What is the average length of a TED talk?
NUM:count How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972
HUM:desc Who was Galileo
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation USB
ENTY:instru What tool measures weight?
ENTY:instru How many strings does a bouzouki have?
ENTY:food What is nutmeg?
HUM:gr What is a delegation?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of China?
LOC:city What county is Modesto, California in
DESC:desc Describe the Finnish music personality Salonens appearance
NUM:perc What percent of the world is left-handed?
HUM:ind Who was Homer?
ENTY:food Where does cucumber come from?
ENTY:substance What is a mirror made out of
ENTY:letter What is a alphabet?
ABBR:abb What does CEO stand for?
ENTY:veh What is the cruise range of an electric Tesla on a full charge?
DESC:manner How were the days of the week named
LOC:other What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves
HUM:title What is a Corporal?
ENTY:product What is a bicycle made of?
ENTY:color What color is purple?
HUM:desc What does a tutor do?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for form feed?
DESC:manner How did the months of the year get there name
NUM:date On what day is Halloween?
ENTY:dismed What is atorvastatin?
HUM:desc What does a editor do?
ENTY:instru What is a stethoscope?
ENTY:plant What does a barley look like?
ENTY:veh How many rotations does a tire make per mile?
ENTY:religion What do Bahai Faith followers believe?
ENTY:dismed For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment
DESC:reason Why do animals hibernate?
ENTY:cremat What is an ash dispersion?
NUM:code What does error code E500 mean in web?
ENTY:animal Name a tiger that is extinct
NUM:count How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror
HUM:gr Who used to make cars with rotary engines
ENTY:product What is a computer made of?
ENTY:event How are conventions managed?
NUM:other How many cards in a deck?
ENTY:letter What letter represents mercury on the periodic table?
HUM:title Who composed Moonlight Sonata?
ENTY:religion What is Sunni Islam?
NUM:other How many words are in the English language?
ENTY:body Where is the skeleton?
DESC:manner How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells
ENTY:sport How is football played?
DESC:desc How are landscapes described expansively?
ENTY:animal What makes armor protective?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of FDA?
NUM:ord What is the seventh book in the series?
ENTY:product What car was driven in the 199 release of Smokey and the Bandit
ENTY:termeq What is another word for dwelling starting with h?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a satellite in orbit?
ENTY:religion What religion is Shinto?
ENTY:instru How do you use a flute?
DESC:desc Describe Big Ben
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter W in English?
DESC:reason What causes loneliness?
LOC:landmass What continent has the Serengeti?
NUM:count What is the number of states of Australia?
HUM:title How does a mayor serve?
ENTY:other What four forms does gold occur in
NUM:period What is the age of the universe in billions of years?
NUM:dist How far is New York from Barcelona?
ENTY:event Tell me about the Cold War
DESC:manner What is the way to plant a seed?
NUM:count Count the languages
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to couch?
ENTY:other What defines a cultural value?
ENTY:event What was the name of Hitlers unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923
ENTY:body How many breaths does a human take per minute?
LOC:landmass How are deltas formed?
ENTY:food Where does fish come from?
DESC:desc How is peace described tranquilly?
ENTY:veh What was the name of Robert Fultons most famous steamboat
ENTY:veh What is the seating capacity of a charter bus?
DESC:def How do illocutions function?
LOC:city Tell me about Berlin
HUM:desc Describe a typical director
ENTY:food What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner
DESC:desc Tell me about the Statue of Liberty
NUM:period How long is the average work week in the United States?
ABBR:abb What does GPU stand for?
ENTY:color How does trichrome work?
HUM:desc What qualities define a hero?
ENTY:techmeth What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes question mark?
ENTY:cremat What was Mel Gibsons first movie
LOC:mount What country has Mount Denali?
ENTY:animal How big is a salmon?
ENTY:food What is spinach?
NUM:dist What is the distance between Earth and Moon?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in VPN stand for?
HUM:ind How does a writer contribute?
ENTY:other What was George Washington afraid of
LOC:state What province is Montreal in
HUM:title What is a Consul?
NUM:count What is the number of states of Russia?
ENTY:termeq What is the colorful Korean traditional dress called
LOC:state How are regions?
LOC:other Where are diamonds mined
ENTY:body What is the function of the eye?
NUM:date When is the Sun closest to the Earth
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for dollar?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Blanc?
LOC:country What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect
ENTY:body What is the function of the finger?
HUM:title What rank is Countess?
NUM:date When did the Bounty mutiny take place
ENTY:animal What predators exist on Antarctica
ENTY:cremat What novel has Big Brother watching
NUM:count How many liberty bells have there been
LOC:city What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi
LOC:city What makes a megacity a city?
LOC:state What is the capital of Tennessee?
ABBR:abb What does AI stand for?
NUM:weight How much does the Great Pyramid of Giza weigh?
HUM:gr What political party is Sinn Fein a part of
ENTY:food Where does tuna come from?
LOC:other Where does Ray Bradburys Chronicles take place
LOC:country What country buys 25 percent of the worlds tea exports
ENTY:veh What is the maximum grade a truck can climb safely?
DESC:def What is home banking
ENTY:plant What is a elm?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Indonesia?
DESC:def How does gendered language work?
ENTY:currency How many rupees are in a dollar?
DESC:desc What is the difference between fatalism and determinism
DESC:reason What causes hurricanes?
ENTY:sport What is archery?
LOC:state What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi
ENTY:other What household facility contains a float ball, ballcock, and overflow tube
LOC:water How are streams?
ENTY:plant What is a squash?
ENTY:product Which vacuum is cordless?
LOC:water Where is the Yangtze River?
ENTY:instru How do you use a fork?
ENTY:word How many syllables does the word supercalifragilisticexpialidocious have?
HUM:title What is a Senator?
LOC:water On what river is Strasbourg built
ENTY:food How are pigs?
ENTY:techmeth What is embedding technology?
DESC:reason What causes die-off?
DESC:desc What is Compaqs mission statement
ENTY:plant Which plant has the longest roots?
LOC:landmass What is North America?
ENTY:other Name of King Arthurs sword
ENTY:plant Where do cactuss grow?
HUM:desc What does a attorney do?
ENTY:food Where does tea come from?
HUM:gr What kind of company is 7-Eleven
DESC:manner How can you get rust stains out of clothing
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym SSD
NUM:date What year was the internet created?
HUM:desc What is the role of a pharmacist?
LOC:country How are alliances?
ENTY:substance How is calcium important?
LOC:mount What is the tallest mountain in North America?
ENTY:substance What is bleach used for?
ENTY:word What is a word that means its opposite?
ENTY:techmeth How does vertical farming function?
DESC:desc What adjectives describe flavor?
NUM:code How does QR code work?
ENTY:product What is a phone made of?
HUM:gr Which oil company almost picked a word that meant stalled car in Japanese as its new international name
LOC:city What is Vienna?
NUM:count How many provinces does Canada have?
ENTY:termeq How are meanings determined?
DESC:reason Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something
ENTY:food What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in
ENTY:body What does the eye do?
ENTY:body What does the leg do?
ABBR:abb What does kB store?
ABBR:exp CTO is the abbreviation for what?
ENTY:religion What is Druidry?
ENTY:animal What is a wildebeest?
ENTY:product What do you use a camera for?
ENTY:event Tell me about the Dark Ages
ENTY:event What was the 2016 presidential election?
ENTY:cremat What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in
HUM:title What rank is Archbishop?
ENTY:lang What language is spoken in Bulgaria?
DESC:desc What is the difference between molecules and compounds
NUM:date What is Dick Clarks birthday
HUM:title How does a director lead?
ENTY:symbol What symbol do you think is the most difficult to learn
ENTY:veh What is a cherry picker?
NUM:temp What temperature does water freeze at?
LOC:state Where is Missouri?
DESC:def How do creoles develop?
HUM:title What rank is Judge?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation of General Motors
NUM:other What is the number of deserts?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Amazon rainforest remains undiscovered?
ENTY:termeq What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers, like 9-8-98
DESC:manner How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access
NUM:weight How much does a golf ball weigh?
LOC:water How salty is the Persian Gulf?
ENTY:animal How do animals think?
ENTY:event What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced
ENTY:religion In what religion was Isis the nature goddess
ENTY:food What powdered soft drink mix went into space
NUM:other What was Einsteins IQ
ENTY:plant What does a algae look like?
ENTY:substance What is ammonia used for?
ENTY:symbol How is the = symbol used?
HUM:desc How does a pulmonologist study lungs?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population stutters?
DESC:desc Tell me about Niagara Falls
DESC:manner How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die
LOC:city What city was President William McKinley shot in
ABBR:abb URL abbreviates what?
ENTY:color What color is cyan?
NUM:code What is the octal code for symbol @?
LOC:landmass What Will Earths Next Supercontinent Be
ENTY:cremat What oldtime kids fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history
DESC:def How would you define synecdoche?
ENTY:body What does the intestine do?
NUM:perc What percentage of people are estimated to be naturally ambidextrous?
LOC:city Where is Singapore?
HUM:desc Who was William Henry Harrison
NUM:volsize What is the volume of the ocean?
ENTY:techmeth What is quantum computing?
HUM:ind Tell me about Alexander the Great
HUM:gr What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell
ENTY:veh How does a sailboat work?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of plastic?
ENTY:sport In which sport is there a scrum
HUM:gr What is a nobility?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross
ENTY:dismed What is the worlds deadliest infectious disease
DESC:reason Explain why we have hiccups
ENTY:instru How do you use a thermometer?
NUM:ord What is the fifth book in the series?
ENTY:animal How do animals flee?
NUM:weight How much does a pound of butter weigh in grams?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word Teddy bear
ENTY:sport What are the rules of gymnastics?
ABBR:exp Write out GPU in full
LOC:landmass the continent we now know as North America was continuous with Africa, South America, and Europe. They all existed as a single continent named what
NUM:volsize How big is a standard door?
ABBR:exp Write out CPU in full
ABBR:exp What does NAM expand to?
ENTY:food What is butter?
ENTY:cremat Name the four stories contained in Edith Whartons Old New York
NUM:dist How long is the Columbia River in miles
ENTY:animal What is Smokey The Bears middle name
ENTY:instru How do you use a knife?
ENTY:lang What is French known for?
ENTY:food What is a staple?
ENTY:veh How many gears does a typical automatic transmission have?
ABBR:abb What does AIDS stand for?
LOC:state Where is New Jersey?
DESC:manner In what manner do physicists experiment?
ENTY:other What is the lowest level of the American judiciary
ENTY:word How many synonyms does the word happy have?
DESC:manner How do performers act?
NUM:weight How much does a water bottle weigh when full?
ENTY:religion what is called the religion of peace
LOC:city How are boroughs organized?
DESC:desc What conveys tension?
ENTY:product What do you use a refrigerator for?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word, JJ
ENTY:sport How is cycling played?
HUM:title What is the role of a Senator?
ENTY:termeq How is language used contextually?
LOC:mount How high is Mount Rainier?
ENTY:veh What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with
ENTY:religion What is Calvinism?
DESC:manner How do you plant a seed?
ENTY:body What is the bone?
ABBR:exp What does VNM stand for?
HUM:ind Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in Greece?
NUM:date When does the Bible say the seasons started
ENTY:substance What is aluminum?
NUM:period How many hours is a professional sports game?
LOC:country What continent is Egypt in?
NUM:perc What percentage of the brain controls the body?
ENTY:food What is Apple?
ENTY:symbol What is the crescent symbol?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population is right-handed?
LOC:landmass What is a caldera?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for pound?
ENTY:food What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan
NUM:dist How tall is the Matterhorn
HUM:desc What does a archaeologist do?
ENTY:event What was World War I?
LOC:landmass What is Java?
NUM:volsize How much water does the Great Lakes contain collectively?
ENTY:veh What is the fuel injection pressure in modern engines?
DESC:def How does feedback function?
ENTY:dismed How does immunity develop?
LOC:mount Name the highest mountain
ENTY:veh What is the maximum towing capacity of a standard Ford F-150 pickup truck?
DESC:reason Why does tuberculosis afflict people
ENTY:symbol What is the copyright symbol symbol?
ENTY:product What shampoo prevents eczema, seborrhea, and psoriasis
LOC:other What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line
ENTY:color What is hue?
LOC:other What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices
HUM:gr What do we call nobility?
HUM:desc Who is Barbara Jordan
HUM:desc What is a biologist?
ENTY:other What constitutes a cultural practice?
ENTY:dismed How are antibiotics used?
DESC:def How is syntax different from grammar?
DESC:def What does extended definition mean and how would one write a paper on it
LOC:water How salty is the Gulf of Mexico?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths ozone layer has been depleted?
DESC:def What is person deixis?
NUM:money What is the starting salary of a radiographer
NUM:period How old was George Washington when he died
LOC:city Tell me about London
ENTY:animal How big is a panda?
ENTY:color What color is scarlet?
ENTY:dismed What causes obesity?
HUM:gr Who are the baby boomers?
DESC:reason What is the reason we yawn?
ENTY:food How do bulbs form?
ENTY:dismed What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196
ENTY:currency Which country uses the zloty?
ABBR:exp What does ARM stand for?
ABBR:exp What is HTML
ENTY:letter what vowel do female names usually end with in spanish
HUM:desc How are surgeons?
ENTY:cremat What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for
ENTY:food What is herring?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in OLED stand for?
ENTY:other What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill
LOC:state What state has the least amount of rain per year
ABBR:exp What does WSM expand to?
DESC:reason What causes corruption?
ENTY:body How many types of blood cells exist?
LOC:landmass What continent is Egypt on
HUM:title What is a King?
ENTY:cremat What was Connecticuts first constitution called
ABBR:exp What does UN expand to?
ABBR:abb What does pH stand for?
NUM:count How many animals are there?
DESC:def What do we mean by gravity?
DESC:reason Why is black the color of mourning in the West
HUM:gr Who are the employees?
ENTY:color What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin
DESC:desc How is poverty described austerely?
ENTY:animal What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world, birds, mammals, etc.,
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to loud?
LOC:state What is the capital of Nevada?
ENTY:body What is the largest internal organ of the human body
ENTY:other Whats destroyed in Genesis 19 24
DESC:desc What conveys temporal atmosphere?
NUM:perc What percentage of oxygen is in air?
LOC:landmass What is Honshu?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of home surroundings
NUM:count How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths
ABBR:abb What does UX stand for?
NUM:weight What is the total weight of all humans currently alive?
ENTY:food How are mollusks?
HUM:desc How does a accountant work?
ENTY:color What color were their horses
HUM:gr What is a believers?
ENTY:body What does the kidney do?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Finnish alphabet have?
ENTY:animal How do animals orientate?
DESC:reason Explain why we dream
NUM:speed How fast is alcohol absorbed
DESC:reason What causes tears?
NUM:code What does error code E304 mean in web?
LOC:country What is the capital of South Africa?
ENTY:color How does UV damage?
ENTY:animal What are crepuscular animals?
ENTY:color What is a common gold item?
ENTY:dismed How is tuberculosis treated?
NUM:weight how many kilograms in 1 teaspoon of neutron star
ENTY:religion what was the religion of the ancient greeks
ENTY:currency What is the official currency of the United States?
LOC:country What Scandinavian country covers 173, 732 square miles
ENTY:body What is the prostate?
ENTY:body How does the esophagus transport?
ENTY:letter What is a ligature?
LOC:state What U.S. state is Fort Knox in
DESC:def What is a dash for?
LOC:city What city contains the district of Hells Kitchen
LOC:water What connects to the Mediterranean Sea?
LOC:country Tell me about Turkey
HUM:title What rank is Earl?
ENTY:animal What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a wine bottle?
ENTY:lang What language is spoken in Algeria?
NUM:other What is the number of DNA base pairs in humans?
DESC:manner How do accountants audit?
NUM:period How many days is a standard vacation?
ABBR:abb In computing, CPU refers to what?
ABBR:exp What does POL expand to?
ENTY:animal How big is a hippopotamus?
LOC:country Jackson Pollock was a native of what country
ENTY:currency What is money?
NUM:period What is the typical age of adolescence?
HUM:desc What does an ophthalmologist treat?
NUM:dist How deep is a fathom
ABBR:exp What is UK?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Philippines?
ENTY:symbol Where is the percent sign symbol used?
ABBR:exp What is AFS
NUM:period How many years of education are required for a high school diploma?
ENTY:product What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of NSA?
HUM:gr What is a theists?
DESC:def What is clipping?
LOC:landmass What countries are in Greenland?
ENTY:color How does color vision evolve?
HUM:ind Who is a notable figure in field Y?
DESC:desc How are settings?
ENTY:animal What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear
ENTY:instru What instrument measures wind chill?
ENTY:word What does constrained mean?
ENTY:instru How do you use a wrench?
ENTY:letter What letter is used for the number one in Roman numerals?
ENTY:substance What does ribavirin consist of
LOC:other Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices
ENTY:substance What is the main ingredient of yogurt
LOC:city What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer
ENTY:plant What is a sunflower?
NUM:perc What percentage of the brain is water?
ENTY:word What is the most commonly used word in English?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of hair
NUM:weight How much does a cubic meter of water weigh?
LOC:water What ocean does Mauritania border
NUM:ord What was your position in the queue
HUM:ind What is a philanthropist?
DESC:manner How do surgeons operate?
ENTY:techmeth How does tokenization work?
ABBR:abb What does IP stand for?
ABBR:abb ROM abbreviates what?
NUM:count How many pairs of legs does a lobster have
LOC:mount Where is Mount Fuji?
ENTY:termeq What is the definition of tall?
ABBR:exp What does PAK stand for?
NUM:date In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained
ENTY:lang What language has the most dialects?
ENTY:symbol What symbol represents love?
HUM:ind Tell me about Aristotle
DESC:manner What is the way to public speaking?
ENTY:substance What are the most common elements in seawater
HUM:desc What does a meteorologist predict?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of being cold
DESC:def What is back-channeling?
ENTY:letter What is the origin of the letter Y?
LOC:city What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia
HUM:ind How does a artist contribute?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of rugby?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of punishment
ENTY:substance What are super balls made of
HUM:gr What is a refugees?
DESC:desc How is sorrow described mournfully?
ENTY:veh What is the payload vs towing capacity ratio for trucks?
NUM:perc What is the percentage of something unknown?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the shekel?
ENTY:veh How deep is the water-crossing capability specification?
ENTY:animal What is a elephant?
ENTY:body What is the smallest bone in the human body?
LOC:country What country is home to Heineken beer
ENTY:other What constitutes a cultural tradition?
NUM:code How are radio frequency bands assigned numeric designations?
ENTY:substance What element, from the Periodic Table, is a gas or a solid, but never a liquid
ENTY:color How is tan created?
ABBR:exp What does MUS expand to?
ENTY:instru What is a stethoscope used for?
LOC:other What is the National Park in Utah
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of IR?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal number for 1?
ENTY:dismed What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS
NUM:perc What percentage of the population lives in rural areas?
NUM:other How many electrons are in an atom of gold?
NUM:count How many times has Louie, Louie been recorded
LOC:city What country is Vienna in?
LOC:water What is the principal river of Ireland
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for carriage return?
ABBR:exp What does the abbreviation OAS stand for
DESC:def What do we mean by irony?
ENTY:termeq What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole
NUM:temp At what temperature does paper ignite?
ENTY:cremat What is a burial vault?
DESC:def What is a nanometer
DESC:reason Why doesn t www.answers.com have any answers to my questions
NUM:dist How far is London from Tokyo?
ENTY:food What is salad?
ENTY:veh How fast can a Porsche 911 Turbo accelerate from 0 to 60 mph?
NUM:period What is the gestation period for a cat
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Colombia?
ENTY:plant What does a willow look like?
NUM:weight How much does a human weigh?
NUM:period How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail
DESC:reason Why is Microsofts Windows 3 such a successful computer program
ENTY:food What is chicken made from?
ENTY:body Where is the spinal cord?
ABBR:exp CFO stands for what?
NUM:count How many sports are there?
NUM:period How long does the average person take to read a 300-page novel?
ABBR:exp What does DJI expand to?
NUM:period How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata
ENTY:animal How big is a tortoise?
ENTY:symbol What is the @ symbol used for?
NUM:other What is the population of Australia
ENTY:body What is the bladder?
HUM:desc What is the role of a therapist?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures frequency?
ABBR:exp TLS means what in full form?
NUM:ord What is the fourth planet?
NUM:date When did communist control end in Hungary
NUM:ord What is the ninth book in the series?
ENTY:techmeth How does simulated annealing work?
HUM:title Who directed Titanic?
LOC:city Tell me about Rome
ENTY:dismed How does multiple sclerosis affect the body?
ENTY:currency What currency does India use?
DESC:desc Describe the Long March
NUM:money How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth, Thomas Jefferson on it,
ABBR:abb What does OPEC represent?
ENTY:lang What is Hungarian known for?
NUM:perc What percentage is technology?
ENTY:religion What is Pentecostalism based on?
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for vertical tab?
ENTY:other What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible
DESC:desc What is the origin of the expression tout de suite
NUM:code What is the VIN for this car?
LOC:mount Where is Appalachian Mountains?
ENTY:animal What makes resilience important?
ENTY:product What are different products of petroleum
ENTY:cremat What did Aaron Hass write
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of UNESCO?
NUM:money How much does a television cost?
ENTY:techmeth How does continuous integration work?
LOC:city Where is Berlin?
ENTY:termeq Whats the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent
NUM:temp What will be the final temperature of water that was initially 40°C but was mixed with water that was 20 °C
NUM:period How many minutes should moderate exercise last daily?
HUM:title Who holds the title of President?
ENTY:substance What is rubber used for?
NUM:code What does a product SKU actually encode within its digits?
ENTY:body What is the function of the arm?
ENTY:sport What are some good exercises for kids to do
DESC:def What do the number 1, 2, and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles
DESC:def What is the meaning of the name Ella
ENTY:religion What religion is commonly associated with crystal healing?
ENTY:word What does serendipity mean?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Chief Executive Officer?
ENTY:event What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War
DESC:def What is the definition of bandwidth?
DESC:def What is code-mixing?
LOC:state How are cantons?
ABBR:exp What does ATF represent?
ENTY:cremat How is estate planning done?
HUM:title what do you want to be when you grow up
LOC:city Where is Athens?
DESC:reason Why do flowers need light?
DESC:def What is a noun?
HUM:ind What does a scientist do?
NUM:dist What is the length of the Panama Canal?
ENTY:body What is the eye?
LOC:city How are regions organized?
NUM:ord What is the twelfth book in the series?
DESC:manner How does the car in Christine become possessed
NUM:speed How fast does the fastest car go
NUM:perc What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate
ENTY:other What is an exotic astronomical object?
NUM:count What is the chromosome number of an elephant
LOC:state What U.S. state ends with a G
ENTY:termeq What does Playboy title its continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds population is religious?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation HDMI
NUM:temp At what temperature does chalk become soft?
DESC:reason Explain why we yawn
ENTY:letter What is the etymology of the letter B?
ENTY:dismed How is malaria treated?
LOC:mount What is the height of Mount Elbrus?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures noise level?
ABBR:abb What is meant by LCD?
NUM:period How many minutes is an average social media video?
ENTY:food What is whey?
ENTY:other What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand
ENTY:instru How does a saxophone function?
HUM:gr Who are the immigrants?
HUM:title What is Larry Kings job
NUM:period How many weeks are in a school year?
LOC:city What is the capital of Congo
NUM:ord What is the fourteenth book in the series?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Brazil?
ENTY:body What is a vital internal organ and gland, which carries out over 500 functions
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a comedy special?
ENTY:lang How is Urdu spoken in South Asia?
ENTY:veh What is the weight of a fully loaded dump truck?
ENTY:instru Ray Charles plays which instrument
ENTY:plant What does a tulip look like?
ABBR:exp PWA stands for what exactly?
DESC:desc What happened to Pepsi Clear
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation TLS
ENTY:food What beers name is translated as lion brew
DESC:desc What do you need to do to marry someone in jail
DESC:manner What is the way to build a bookshelf?
DESC:def What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts
LOC:mount What country has Mount Rushmore?
NUM:weight What is the weight of the atmosphere pressing down on Earth?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of glass
ENTY:symbol What does the @ symbol represent?
LOC:country What defines a state?
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes bullet point?
ENTY:body What part of your body contains the corpus callosum
ENTY:word What does erudite mean?
ENTY:other What do humans catch zoonose diseases from
HUM:gr How is a task force created?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of machinery
ABBR:abb In computing, HDMI refers to what?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of crystals or glass
ENTY:animal What are decomposers?
ENTY:lang What is Italian?
ABBR:abb What is meant by SSH?
ENTY:letter What letter is used for chlorine on the periodic table?
LOC:country What two countries coastlines border the Bay of Biscay
DESC:reason Why do habitats form?
ENTY:body How do gonads produce?
HUM:desc What is a composer?
ENTY:lang How is French pronounced?
ENTY:product Which two products use a tiger as their symbol
ENTY:sport What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956
LOC:country What country surrounds San Marino, the worlds smallest Republic
NUM:money How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost
HUM:title What rank is Patriarch?
LOC:city What country is Chicago in?
DESC:reason Why do mouths taste?
ENTY:body What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself
ENTY:symbol what is the symbol used by Saurons armies
LOC:water What connects to the Panama Canal?
ABBR:abb What does CTO stand for?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Voice over Internet Protocol?
ENTY:color What is the visible spectrum?
HUM:desc What is a programmer?
ENTY:word What is the correct spelling of the word bureaucrat?
ENTY:animal How do animals gallop?
ENTY:instru How many strings does a cello have?
LOC:landmass Where is Great Britain?
LOC:other What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America
NUM:dist How far is the service line from the net in tennis
HUM:title What is a Principal?
ENTY:body What does the lung do?
NUM:perc How much of the human genome is identical between any two people?
NUM:other What is the volume of the Pacific Ocean?
ENTY:cremat What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for copper on the periodic table?
ENTY:food What is pork?
LOC:city What makes a district a city?
HUM:ind Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans Fund and kept them for himself
ENTY:word What does propitious mean?
NUM:weight how much does a hippo weigh
NUM:count Count the colours
NUM:ord What is the first ordinal?
DESC:reason What causes tyranny?
ENTY:plant Which plant is the oldest known?
ENTY:color What color is the lipstick on Boy Georges wax lips at Londons Madame Tussauds
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym UV
ENTY:symbol Where is the star symbol used?
NUM:date What year did Apartheid start
ENTY:termeq What is another word for loud starting with n?
DESC:def How does frame semantics work?
NUM:count What is the population of Nigeria?
NUM:date When is Easter?
ENTY:termeq Whats a Craps player called
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym API
ENTY:letter What letter starts most English words?
DESC:desc How is success described triumphantly?
ABBR:exp YWCA expands to Young Womens Christian Association?
LOC:other Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation CPU
DESC:reason Why does it snow
DESC:def What does the word terrorism mean
LOC:mount What is the height of Scafell Pike?
NUM:volsize how many cubic millimeters is a red blood cell
LOC:water What connects to the Strait of Gibraltar?
ENTY:word What does ubiquitous mean?
NUM:period How many hours of sleep does a newborn need daily?
ENTY:word What is the plural of the word deer?
LOC:water What is the Yangtze River?
ENTY:color What is bronze?
ENTY:body What organ contains the islands of Langerhans
NUM:ord What chronological position are you
ABBR:exp Write out LED in full
NUM:period How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin
DESC:reason What causes aging?
LOC:other Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941
ABBR:exp What does GAB represent?
ENTY:food Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for
NUM:count How many states are there?
ENTY:substance What is the heaviest naturally occurring element
LOC:city What country is Venice in?
ENTY:word What does ethereal mean?
ENTY:veh Name an American made motorcycle
LOC:country What continent is South Africa in?
ABBR:abb UV is an abbreviation for what?
DESC:reason Why do people shake hands to show friendliness
ENTY:word What is another term for running?
HUM:desc What does a engineer do?
HUM:desc What does a lecturer do?
DESC:manner How do you take a photograph?
ENTY:body How many follicles are on the human scalp?
ENTY:color What are fluorescent colors?
ENTY:color What is polychrome?
LOC:landmass Name 3 supercontinents
NUM:perc What are the odds of giving birth to twins
NUM:code What is octal notation?
DESC:manner How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears
ENTY:substance What is water used for?
ENTY:animal In the Miller Lite TV commercial, who is the creature
ABBR:exp What does MDG represent?
HUM:desc What is an engineer?
NUM:count What is the number of strings on a guitar?
HUM:gr What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million
ENTY:symbol How well does this symbol represent the message
DESC:manner How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios
DESC:def What do we mean by latency?
ENTY:food What is carrot made from?
NUM:date What year did Rossetti paint Beata Beatrix
NUM:weight what is the mass of the sun
ENTY:body How does the pineal regulate?
ENTY:color What color is brown?
LOC:mount a volcano in Congo erupted for the first time in nearly two decades, what was its name
ENTY:product Which drill is cordless?
ENTY:food What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth
ENTY:other What is an intangible cultural heritage?
ABBR:abb What does RSVP mean?
LOC:other What is the street address of the White House
DESC:manner How did the bikini bathing suite get its name
DESC:manner In what manner do professors research?
NUM:other How many cryptocurrency exist?
ENTY:product What is a oven?
ABBR:abb RF is an abbreviation for what?
ENTY:religion What is Animism?
HUM:title what is Daniels profession
DESC:manner Describe how to tie a knot
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Saudi Arabia?
ENTY:substance What is the only substance that gives food its taste when eaten
ENTY:symbol Where is the smiley face symbol used?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to small?
LOC:country What is the capital of Nigeria?
LOC:city Where is Chicago?
LOC:country What defines a principality?
ENTY:symbol What is the + symbol used for?
NUM:date What date is Christmas?
LOC:state What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada
ABBR:exp What does CUB expand to?
ENTY:animal What is a koala?
ENTY:word What does triumphant mean?
DESC:desc What is the difference between love and infatuation
NUM:money What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers
ENTY:animal Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection
DESC:def What is voice in verbs?
ENTY:instru How do you use a hammer?
ENTY:veh What is the acceleration test standard for safety ratings?
NUM:count How many member states are in the UN
HUM:title How does a Dean lead?
LOC:landmass Which continent is Thailand part of?
DESC:desc What captures separation?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for lift?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a tsunami?
LOC:other What is a landmark?
LOC:mount Which mountain is the highest in the Atlas range?
ENTY:event What was the COVID-19 pandemic?
ENTY:animal Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance
LOC:city What country is Phoenix in?
LOC:other Where on the body is a mortarboard worn
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for baht?
ENTY:color What is gradient coloration?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation
ENTY:instru What instrument measures temperature?
ENTY:techmeth What is virtual reality?
NUM:perc What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table
ABBR:exp What do the letters in LCD stand for?
ENTY:color How does colorimetry measure?
ENTY:body Which of the listed organs are not related to the urination systembladder, kidneys, pharynx, prostate, ureters, urethra
NUM:temp What is the melting point of nickel?
HUM:gr What organization is the Security Council a part of
ENTY:veh How many seats does a Dodge Ram truck have?
NUM:money How much does gasoline cost per gallon?
ENTY:sport What is tennis?
LOC:landmass What is Central America?
ENTY:veh What is a submersible?
HUM:ind What is a diplomat?
ENTY:body What is the urinary system?
ENTY:veh How many cylinders does a V-10 engine have?
DESC:desc What conveys beginning?
LOC:state What U.S. state has an element named for it
ENTY:veh How many valves per cylinder do modern engines have?
ENTY:veh How does a forklift work?
NUM:period How many days does a typical jury trial last?
DESC:def How does parallelism function?
NUM:other How many atoms are in a grain of sand?
DESC:reason Why do investments yield?
NUM:temp What is the melting point of molybdenum?
ENTY:body How many taste buds does a human tongue have?
ABBR:abb What is meant by LED?
ENTY:body How do kidneys filter?
NUM:count How many people own pets
NUM:perc Of children between the ages of two and eleven, what percentage watch The Simpsons
DESC:desc What creates wilderness imagery?
ENTY:color How do national colors symbolize?
LOC:state What state was named the Green Mountain state
ENTY:color How do bilirubin colors?
ABBR:exp What does the acronym NASA stand for
ENTY:currency What is the US dollar?
HUM:desc What does a prosecutor do?
ENTY:color what is your lucky colour
NUM:temp At what temperature does water freeze?
NUM:other How many plant species exist?
ENTY:sport What is skiing?
ENTY:color How do minerals color?
ENTY:body What is the function of the heart chamber?
ENTY:body Which muscle lines the inside of blood vessels and organs, such as the stomach, and is also known as visceral muscle
ENTY:word What does equanimous mean?
ABBR:exp UNESCO stands for what exactly?
DESC:manner How can SQL queries be improved
DESC:manner What is the way to catch a fish?
ENTY:instru What is the frequency range of a tuning fork?
DESC:desc What captures closure?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of gold?
ENTY:word How many letters does the word pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis have?
ENTY:food How is spelt used?
ENTY:body What is the function of the stomach?
NUM:code What is the octal code for newline?
ENTY:animal What is a dolphin?
ENTY:color What is the most common eye color
ENTY:dismed What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake
ENTY:termeq What do you call a word that is spelled the same backwards and forwards
NUM:ord Where does Trump fall in the sequence of US presidents
ENTY:religion What is the origin of Kabbalah?
DESC:def What do we mean by antibody?
LOC:mount What country has Mount Blanc?
ENTY:body What carries sperm up into the pelvic region
NUM:speed What is the speed of the Mississippi River
DESC:reason What is the reason plants need sunlight?
NUM:code How do airline flight codes differ from airport codes?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation
DESC:manner In what manner do pharmacists dispense?
LOC:country Where is Morocco?
LOC:water How salty is the Mediterranean Sea?
DESC:desc How is culture described culturally?
ENTY:instru What is the function of a thermometer?
DESC:desc How are origins described genetically?
ENTY:food What are fruits?
NUM:money What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde
NUM:perc How much of the ocean floor has been explored by humans?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Bishop?
NUM:ord What is the third letter of the alphabet?
LOC:state What U.S. states biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn
ABBR:abb What does GNSS determine?
DESC:def How does innateness theory work?
ENTY:symbol What is the skull and crossbones symbol?
HUM:desc How does a scientist work?
NUM:speed How fast can a pronghorn antelope run?
ABBR:exp What does IND represent?
DESC:def How do gerunds function?
HUM:gr What do we call peasants?
ENTY:techmeth What is 5G?
NUM:perc What percentage of teenagers globally?
NUM:period What is the average gestation period of a human?
ENTY:body How many layers does skin have?
ENTY:event What happened during the 2016 presidential election?
ENTY:color What are photonic structures?
LOC:landmass Which supercontinent existed at the time of the dinosaurs
NUM:count What is the number of states of Germany?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Empress?
ENTY:body What is the function of the sebaceous glands?
LOC:landmass What is a sinkhole?
ENTY:religion What is Jainism based on?
NUM:date When did the Dow first reach
ENTY:symbol How is the £ symbol used?
DESC:desc What do economists do
ENTY:symbol What symbol represents peace?
HUM:title What rank is Lieutenant?
ENTY:dismed What causes Ebola?
LOC:city What country is Amsterdam in?
HUM:gr What is a freelancers?
ENTY:animal How big is a giraffe?
ENTY:veh How many doors does a Cadillac Escalade have?
LOC:country What country did the Allies invade in World War IIs Operation Avalanche
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical 5G network?
DESC:desc How is action described dynamically?
ENTY:cremat What is the purpose of cremation?
NUM:count What is the number of bones in the body?
ENTY:event What is a ceremony?
DESC:reason Why do animals migrate?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Hebrew alphabet have?
ENTY:symbol What warning traffic signs usually take the shape of an equilateral triangle with a white background and thick red border
ENTY:food What is rice made from?
DESC:manner In what way do cobblers repair?
NUM:ord Who came in first place?
NUM:period How many hours does a typical camping trip last?
ENTY:sport How is wrestling played?
LOC:country Tell me about Nigeria
NUM:temp At what temperature does glass become workable for blowing?
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym DHCP
DESC:desc What captures terror?
ENTY:plant What does a squash look like?
ENTY:body What is the function of the tear ducts?
HUM:desc How are psychiatrists?
NUM:date When did the Civil War occur?
ENTY:veh How does a kayak work?
ENTY:religion What is Protestantism?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Hindi?
DESC:manner How is Easter Sundays date determined
ENTY:substance What is copper used for?
DESC:def What is sodium chloride
DESC:manner In what way do optometrists examine?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Captain?
ENTY:word What is a synonym for happy?
ENTY:food What is soda made from?
LOC:country Where is China?
NUM:count How many rows of whiskers does a cat have
LOC:state What is the capital of Wisconsin?
NUM:date What year did Charles Dicken die
HUM:ind What did Mahatma Gandhi do?
LOC:country What continent is Turkey in?
ENTY:food What is coffee?
DESC:def How is a clause used?
HUM:desc What does a otolaryngologist do?
HUM:title What is Nicholas Cages occupation
NUM:weight on average, how many grams in an apple
DESC:desc Where did the saying rule of thumb come from
ENTY:food What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict
HUM:gr Who made the first airplane that could fly
LOC:city What is the capital of Zimbabwe
LOC:other What planet did Percival Lovell discover
NUM:perc What is the percentage of water content in the human body
ABBR:abb FDA is an abbreviation for what?
ENTY:animal How do reptiles differ?
ENTY:food Where does water come from?
LOC:state What is the largest city in Montana?
ENTY:product What is a vacuum cleaner?
DESC:manner How do students learn effectively?
NUM:ord How is 1000 expressed?
ENTY:lang How is Hebrew written?
DESC:reason What causes aftershocks?
NUM:period How many days does a typical antibiotic course last?
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a product trial?
NUM:dist How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen
ENTY:sport What board game does a wood-pusher play poorly
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth is desert?
ENTY:techmeth What is principal component analysis?
LOC:city Tell me about Beijing
DESC:def What are solar cells
DESC:desc Where did the term 69 come from
NUM:count How much snow equals an inch of rain
ENTY:animal How big is a elephant?
ENTY:event What happened during the French Revolution?
ENTY:product What is Star Wars?
ENTY:substance What is money made of
LOC:other Where is this place situated?
ENTY:color What is rust formation?
DESC:reason Why do nails grow?
ENTY:food What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat
NUM:count Count the keys on a piano
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of bees
ABBR:exp What does PSI stand for
HUM:title What is a Rector?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of a book written by Aaron Hass
LOC:mount Which mountain is the highest in the Scottish Highlands?
ENTY:plant Where do mosss grow?
NUM:temp What is the average temperature in Antarctica?
DESC:desc What conveys feeling authentically?
DESC:manner How do you meditation?
NUM:ord Where did you come in the race
LOC:mount Where is Everest?
ENTY:other What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water
HUM:desc What is a astronaut?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Personal Area Network?
ENTY:event When did the Industrial Revolution occur?
ABBR:abb What does API enable?
ABBR:exp What does HKG stand for?
HUM:ind What does a activist do?
NUM:dist How far away is the moon
ENTY:lang Where is Greek spoken?
NUM:date What day is August 13, 1971
ENTY:techmeth How does cryptocurrency work?
LOC:country How are territories?
LOC:mount What country has Mount Kilimanjaro?
HUM:ind What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCalls
ENTY:food What is bread made from?
ENTY:sport How is gymnastics performed?
NUM:count How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon
NUM:weight How much does an adult elephant weigh?
ENTY:currency What is the Malaysian ringgit?
NUM:weight he excavator bucket capacity is 0.5 m3. Determine the mass of sand that the excavator picks up
LOC:mount What is the Rocky Mountains?
ENTY:symbol What is the ∫ symbol used for?
HUM:desc What is a novelist?
ENTY:other How are historical relics preserved?
HUM:title What is a CEO?
HUM:title What is a Earl?
ENTY:body What is the function of the lung?
ENTY:food What are sports drinks?
ENTY:letter What letter denotes the instrumental case?
ABBR:exp What does SRB represent?
HUM:title What rank is Emperor?
ENTY:substance What mineral helps prevent osteoporosis
NUM:count What is the number of states of Brazil?
ENTY:techmeth How does API-first design function?
DESC:reason What causes erosion?
HUM:ind Who invented silly putty
ABBR:abb What is meant by TLS?
ENTY:other How are rare books preserved?
LOC:other Where is the volcano Mauna Loa
DESC:def What is dissimilation?
ENTY:symbol Where is the heart symbol used?
NUM:weight How much does a dram weigh in grams?
DESC:def What is object-oriented design
ENTY:dismed What causes heart disease?
ABBR:exp What does ZWE expand to?
ENTY:animal How do animals taste?
ENTY:lang What is Bengali?
NUM:dist How many miles are in a kilometer
ENTY:lang What is one of the languages of the Sioux
HUM:ind What does a writer do?
DESC:manner What is the way to ride a bicycle?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Polish alphabet have?
ENTY:food Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863
LOC:country Tell me about Mexico
DESC:manner In what way do adventurers trek?
DESC:reason Why do wounds bleed?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the drachma?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Bachelor of Science?
LOC:other Where did bocci originate
DESC:manner How do you select wine
NUM:dist what is the diameter of the observable universe
LOC:landmass What is a canyon?
ENTY:word How many consecutive vowels are in beautiful?
DESC:desc How is mundanity described ordinarily?
DESC:reason What are tonsils for
HUM:ind Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion
ABBR:exp What does BRB represent?
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes checkmark?
HUM:ind Who declared I think I ll go out and milk the elk
ENTY:veh What is a ship?
LOC:country Which country is known as Big Bear
NUM:speed What is the top speed of a commercial airplane?
ENTY:termeq Aspartame is also called what
ENTY:lang Where is Vietnamese spoken?
ABBR:exp What does ZMB represent?
DESC:desc How are buildings described architecturally?
ENTY:food What is mussels?
NUM:period How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France
ENTY:animal How do animals glide?
ENTY:plant What is a maple?
LOC:city What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of women
ENTY:product What is the Tesla Model S?
ENTY:plant Where do pumpkins grow?
ENTY:lang What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan
NUM:dist How many miles between New York and Los Angeles?
ENTY:body The corpus callosum is in what part of the body
ABBR:exp What does PRT expand to?
ENTY:instru How do you use a banjo?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Chile?
NUM:weight how many kilos does a car weight on average
ENTY:product What is a bed?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body is made of water?
NUM:code What information is embedded in a VIN vehicle identification number?
ABBR:exp What does MAF expand to?
ENTY:religion How many Confucianists are there?
ENTY:animal What is an elephant?
ENTY:product What do you use a chair for?
ENTY:body What does the skeleton do?
ENTY:body How many types of cartilage are there?
LOC:state What is the nickname of Pennsylvania
NUM:date In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released
HUM:title Who holds the title of Pope?
HUM:gr Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league
ENTY:religion What is Taoism?
ENTY:religion Which religion believes in reincarnation?
HUM:desc Describe a typical pilot
HUM:desc What does a urologist do?
ENTY:veh How long does it take to do an oil change on a typical car?
ENTY:other What defines a cultural boundary?
NUM:money What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money
ENTY:veh What is the top speed of a Formula 1 racing car?
HUM:gr What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for
NUM:other What is a vector?
ABBR:abb What does HTML create?
NUM:date What year was the French Revolution?
ENTY:word How many letters does the word electroencephalographic have?
NUM:temp The title of the book Fahrenheit 451 refers to the temperature that book paper burns, or 451 F. What is the temperature in Celsius (to the hundredth)
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to sofa?
NUM:money How much money did the Marcos steal from their country
LOC:water What is a river?
DESC:desc What makes a vivid visual description?
ENTY:body What is the strongest and longest bone in the human body
ENTY:instru What is the function of an oscilloscope?
NUM:temp What is normal human body temperature?
HUM:ind Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars
NUM:dist How far is New York from Toronto?
ABBR:abb What does DNA stand for?
ENTY:color What is turquoise?
ENTY:product What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942
NUM:period How many days does a menstrual cycle typically last?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds carbon dioxide comes from transportation?
LOC:city Where is Venice?
ENTY:letter What letter denotes the dative case?
ENTY:body How do neurons?
ENTY:religion What religion is New Thought?
ENTY:dismed How is flu treated?
NUM:period How long does it take for coffee to cool to room temperature?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of cricket?
ENTY:animal What do peacocks mate with
NUM:temp At what temperature does alcohol boil?
DESC:manner In what manner do zookeepers manage?
NUM:count What is the population of UK?
ENTY:word Whats the singular of dice
ENTY:letter What is the shape of the letter O?
ENTY:food How do berries differ?
DESC:reason Explain why our nails grow
ENTY:body Which body part contains the smallest muscles in the body alongside the smallest bones
NUM:temp What temperature is needed to forge iron?
ENTY:other What award is the Oscar of advertising
ENTY:plant What is state tree of Nebraska
DESC:def What do we mean by algorithm?
NUM:count Count the sports
ENTY:instru What instrument measures magnetic field?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Portuguese alphabet have?
NUM:dist The distance between the tops of two trees 20 m and 28 m high is 17 m. What is the horizontal distance between the two trees
NUM:perc What percentage of the population has adequate housing?
LOC:mount which icelandic volcano caused an intense seismic crisis 16 August 2014
NUM:date When was Londons Docklands Light Railway constructed
DESC:manner How do gastroenterologists scope?
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym FTP
ENTY:lang What language has the most native speakers?
ENTY:veh What’s the most stolen car in America
NUM:code How are phone codes structured?
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Brazil?
ABBR:abb In computing, LCD refers to what?
ENTY:word What is a determiner?
DESC:def What is a biosphere
HUM:desc What is a producer?
NUM:ord In a list of prime numbers, in which position does 5 appear
ENTY:cremat What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life
ENTY:termeq What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism
ENTY:animal How do primates communicate?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make tea?
ENTY:veh What is a police car?
NUM:money By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000
ENTY:religion What is Sikhism?
DESC:reason Why do plants need water?
ENTY:word What is another word for big?
ENTY:word What is a verb?
ENTY:food Whats the Southern dish made of pigs small intestines
DESC:desc What is the history of Hot Wheels cars, and how are they produced
ENTY:other Which of the five senses develops first
ENTY:symbol What is a mathematical symbol?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Department of Defense?
ENTY:animal How do animals help humans?
NUM:code What does error code E302 mean in web?
ENTY:product What do you use a motorcycle for?
ENTY:religion What do Hinduism followers believe?
ENTY:symbol What is the yin-yang symbol?
ENTY:word What is the most common consonant in English?
NUM:period How old is the universe
ABBR:abb What does INTERPOL stand for?
HUM:gr What ISPs exist in the Caribbean
ENTY:techmeth What is genetic algorithm?
ENTY:food What is halibut?
HUM:gr What do we call baby boomers?
ENTY:sport What international sport was originally called hurley
LOC:country What countries have the highest ratio of university students
HUM:gr Who are the Generation Z?
NUM:perc What percentage of seniors have arthritis?
ENTY:body What are hair follicles?
DESC:def What is the Milky Way
ENTY:word What does vanquished mean?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the dirham?
ENTY:currency What is the British pound?
DESC:reason Why do ears hear?
DESC:reason Why do mangroves spread?
LOC:state What is Missouri known for?
ENTY:cremat In what movie is the number nine found in the title
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Brazil?
ENTY:food What is the only vegetable that starts with z
DESC:manner How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB
ABBR:exp What does NFK stand for?
HUM:gr How is a committee organized?
NUM:ord Who came in thirteenth place?
ENTY:currency What is the drachma?
NUM:date What date did Neil Armstrong land on the moon
ENTY:substance What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal, sulfur and saltpeter
NUM:volsize How large is the North Sea?
DESC:manner How do endocrinologists regulate?
ENTY:lang How is Arabic written?
NUM:perc What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths
ENTY:dismed What causes hemophilia?
ABBR:abb What does BIOS initialize?
ENTY:veh How does a hovercraft function?
ENTY:body What is the longest bone in the human body?
LOC:landmass How are lagoons formed?
ENTY:substance What is the second hardest substance
DESC:manner In what manner do weavers interlace?
ENTY:color What is vintage coloration?
DESC:manner How do swimmers stroke?
NUM:code How are postal codes structured?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Canada?
NUM:other What is the frequency of VHF
NUM:volsize How big is our galaxy in diameter
ENTY:word What is the word for love of pain or abuse
ENTY:animal What makes ejection defensive?
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Cairo?
ENTY:product What is Tesla?
NUM:other How many books are in the Library of Congress?
NUM:count How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system
ENTY:animal How big is a cheetah?
ENTY:body What is the function of the heart?
LOC:landmass How are meadows formed?
LOC:state What is the capital of South Carolina?
ENTY:food What is the soft drink for adults
HUM:title Who holds the title of Sergeant?
NUM:money How much does it cost, average or whatever is available, to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ?, DT CD NN NN,
NUM:weight how much do you weigh in pounds
ENTY:plant What is Australias national flower
ENTY:veh What is the engine torque of a Dodge Ram 2500?
ABBR:exp What does GEO expand to?
DESC:manner How does a chick breathe inside an egg
NUM:date When was Dubais first concrete house built
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for big?
ENTY:body What is the weight of an adult human brain?
ENTY:veh How many axles does a dump truck typically have?
HUM:gr What police force did Mack Sennett create
ENTY:animal How do animals prance?
ENTY:animal How do mollusks adapt?
LOC:other Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent, manned space station
NUM:code What is Columbia Tristars phone number
ENTY:product What is PlayStation?
LOC:mount Where is the Matterhorn?
ENTY:product What do you use a washing machine for?
LOC:city What city does Orly Airport serve
ENTY:veh What is the maximum speed of a personal watercraft?
ENTY:word How many synonyms does the word sad have?
ENTY:body What are gastric juices?
ENTY:animal How big is a rhinoceros?
ENTY:product What do you use a truck for?
ENTY:color What is additive color?
ENTY:termeq How do you say Grandma in Irish
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of cold
DESC:reason What causes aneurysms?
DESC:manner What is the method for catch a fish?
ENTY:animal What makes pets significant?
ENTY:plant What does a seaweed look like?
NUM:period How many minutes are in an hour?
ABBR:exp What is TMJ
ENTY:instru How many keys does a 49-key keyboard have?
HUM:gr Which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County
HUM:title What rank is Duke?
HUM:desc What is a rheumatologist?
ENTY:veh How deep are wheel wells on pickup trucks?
DESC:reason Why shouldn t you remove a bee stinger with tweezers
LOC:country How is a principality governed?
NUM:dist how far away is mars
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths atmosphere is nitrogen?
LOC:state What two states is Washington D.C. between
ENTY:color What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill
DESC:reason Why in tennis are zero points called love
ENTY:termeq What is terminology?
ENTY:symbol What does the registered trademark represent?
DESC:manner How do electricians wire?
DESC:desc How is stillness described statically?
NUM:code What does error code 507 mean?
ENTY:techmeth What is the treatment for depression
DESC:manner How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in the Philippines?
NUM:speed How fast can a puma run?
ENTY:termeq What is morphology?
ENTY:veh How many seats does a typical commercial Boeing 747 have?
LOC:landmass What is Sumatra?
ABBR:exp What does WHO expand to?
LOC:water What is a sound in geography?
ENTY:product What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world
NUM:dist How far is London from Madrid?
NUM:speed What is the maximum speed a horse can achieve in a gallop?
LOC:state How are zones?
NUM:count How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album
NUM:date What year did nylon stockings first go on sale
ENTY:cremat What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial
ENTY:termeq What are some translations of the phrase Thank-you
ENTY:plant Where do violets grow?
ENTY:event What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999
ENTY:sport What is track and field?
ENTY:instru What device measures distance?
ENTY:color What is statement color?
NUM:count What is the number of months in a year?
ENTY:color How do phosphorescent colors work?
ENTY:instru How many strings does a lyre have?
ABBR:abb What does RADAR detect?
ENTY:veh How many different drive train configurations exist?
ENTY:substance What is silicon?
DESC:desc Tell me about a supernova
NUM:dist How far is Mumbai from Delhi?
ENTY:dismed What is penicillin used for?
LOC:city What is New York?
ENTY:lang What is Portuguese?
LOC:city What country is Athens in?
LOC:city What city is the setting for Puccinis opera La Boheme
ENTY:lang What is the main language of Portugal?
ENTY:techmeth What technique is used for MRI imaging?
LOC:other What are the largest libraries in the US
DESC:manner How do stenographers record?
DESC:reason What makes popcorn pop
ENTY:substance What four elements make up 90 percent of the human body
ENTY:color How do neon colors differ?
LOC:water What body of water does the Yukon River empty into
LOC:country How is a empire governed?
HUM:gr What is the best art and design school in the world
ENTY:product What is a toothbrush made of?
ENTY:lang What is Korean?
ENTY:body How do ligaments stabilize?
LOC:state How are zones determined?
ENTY:plant What is a daisy?
LOC:country What continent is Hungary in?
NUM:period What is the typical age when humans develop abstract thinking?
ENTY:letter What letter is used for silver on the periodic table?
NUM:other How many hairs are on a human head?
DESC:def What is an aurora
ENTY:lang How many people speak Dutch?
NUM:dist What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia
ENTY:lang What is German known for?
ENTY:word How many homophones does the word write have?
ENTY:instru What is the function of a calorimeter?
ABBR:exp What does Ms., Miss, and Mrs. stand for
HUM:desc Who is Colin Powell
NUM:other What are the numbers that fit into Fermonts last theorem
ENTY:lang What language is spoken in Ukraine?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Thai alphabet have?
DESC:desc What conveys motionless imagery?
ENTY:veh How does a helicopter hover?
ENTY:other What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Romania?
ENTY:food What is shrimp?
ENTY:techmeth What is augmented reality?
ABBR:abb WiFi abbreviates what?
ENTY:instru How do you use a measuring cup?
ENTY:color what colour comes before yellow in the visible spectrum
DESC:reason Why do plants need sunlight?
ENTY:dismed What causes dementia?
ABBR:exp LED means what in full form?
ENTY:body How do lungs expand?
ENTY:word What does fragile mean?
DESC:reason Why do horseshoes bring luck
ABBR:exp Etc stands for what?
HUM:ind Who killed JFK
ENTY:lang How many people speak Finnish?
DESC:manner How do athletes compete?
ENTY:veh What was the first car to be mass-produced
HUM:desc Who was Buffalo Bill
NUM:date What day is known as the national day of prayer
ENTY:event What was the French Revolution?
NUM:weight what is the mass of the photon
ENTY:plant Where do oranges grow?
DESC:reason Why do wars occur?
DESC:desc What is a character description?
LOC:country What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size
LOC:state What are all the southern states of the United States
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to automobile?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical WiFi connection?
LOC:water How salty is the Hudson Bay?
LOC:country Which country gave New York the Statue of Liberty
ENTY:body How many pairs of chromosomes does a human have?
ABBR:abb What does JSON stand for?
NUM:count What is the population of France?
ENTY:symbol Where is the skull and crossbones symbol used?
ENTY:instru What tool measures luminosity?
HUM:title What is a Detective?
NUM:period How long is the typical duration of a medical residency?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for sick starting with i?
HUM:gr What defines a coalition?
NUM:count How many sides does a heptagon have
ENTY:termeq What do we call lift in other words?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of fish
ENTY:word What is an adjective?
NUM:money How much does a haircut cost?
HUM:gr What is the name of Joan Jetts band
HUM:gr What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier
LOC:state What is the capital of Virginia?
DESC:desc What captures modern elements?
NUM:date On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus
LOC:state In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill
NUM:count Count the minutes in an hour
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a human pregnancy from conception?
DESC:def How do commas separate?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of jealousy
ENTY:event When did the Cold War occur?
NUM:count How many referees work a soccer game
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of drinking
ENTY:food Whats the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight
ENTY:animal What was the name of Roy Rogerss dog
ENTY:veh What is the engine displacement of a Harley-Davidson touring bike?
ENTY:color What is salmon?
ENTY:termeq What is the opposite of fast?
NUM:ord How is the number 1001 expressed ordinally?
LOC:landmass What countries are in Ireland?
ABBR:exp IR stands for what exactly?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the rupee?
LOC:country What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock
NUM:speed How fast does the Earth rotate at the equator?
ENTY:product How does a smartwatch work?
DESC:def What is a particle?
HUM:ind Tell me about Socrates
NUM:perc What percentage of plants are flowering?
HUM:title What is the role of a Manager?
LOC:country What is the capital of Russia?
NUM:money How much does a hamburger cost?
NUM:volsize how large is Oumuamua
ENTY:sport How is gymnastics done?
LOC:state What is the capital of Kansas?
LOC:city How are urban?
ABBR:exp What does LOL mean
LOC:landmass Name some archipelagos along the coast of Africa
ENTY:religion What two major world religions began in India
NUM:date When was the Parthenon built
DESC:desc What will happen when sodium is put in water
ENTY:veh What is a ambulance?
NUM:ord What is the fifteenth planet?
ABBR:abb What is meant by DHCP?
ENTY:event What happened during World War II?
ABBR:exp What does NASA stand for
NUM:temp What is the temperature inside a tornados vortex?
ABBR:exp What does SWE represent?
DESC:def How does fortition work?
DESC:desc Tell me about Mount Everest
ENTY:religion What is Community of Christ?
NUM:weight how many tons of water do domesticated animals drink annually
LOC:city What city is served by McCarren Airport
ENTY:religion What is Deism?
NUM:count What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172
LOC:mount Where are the Himalayas?
DESC:def What is linguistic insecurity?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a human lung?
ENTY:animal How do animals use stars?
ENTY:veh What is an amphibious vehicle?
ENTY:animal Who were John F. Kennedys dogs
ABBR:abb What does UK mean?
DESC:desc Describe a solar eclipse
DESC:desc Can you describe Niagara Falls?
ENTY:other What is a historical society?
NUM:ord in the bible, What chapter has the most verses
NUM:count What is the number of states of Italy?
LOC:landmass What is the highest continent
ENTY:color How is turquoise formed?
ENTY:product What do you use a laptop for?
ENTY:animal How do animals conserve?
LOC:mount What is the second highest mountain peak in the world
ENTY:sport What is sprinting?
HUM:ind Name of the powerful white trader in Conrads Heart of Darkness
LOC:city What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for yellow
NUM:date When was the Bill of Rights ratified
ENTY:event What happened during the Cold War?
ENTY:food What is the most stolen food in the world
HUM:ind How does a historian contribute?
ENTY:substance What is sodium?
DESC:desc What is so powerful about Power Bars
NUM:money What is the mean income of the top 10%, top 5%, and top 1%
LOC:city What is the largest city in Texas
LOC:city Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims
ENTY:word What is the longest word without using the letter e?
DESC:def What is aspect in grammar?
NUM:money What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England
ENTY:veh How does a all-terrain vehicle work?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation SSL
ENTY:lang Where is Bengali spoken?
NUM:perc What percentage of revenue is from subscriptions?
DESC:reason What causes blue balls
LOC:city What makes a borough a city?
ENTY:animal What makes scientific study important?
ENTY:animal What is a reptile?
NUM:period How many minutes is the average song length?
ENTY:sport What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays
LOC:other What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims
ENTY:body How do antibodies neutralize?
ENTY:lang Where is Korean spoken?
NUM:weight what is the mass of the black hole in the center of the milky way
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Basic Input/Output System?
ENTY:word What does gregarious mean?
NUM:period How long does a pigs orgasm last
ENTY:symbol What is the → symbol used for?
LOC:country What continent is Germany in?
ABBR:exp Write out LCD in full
ENTY:religion What is Bahai?
ENTY:food What drink is formed of tequila, orange juice and galliano
ENTY:word What does eloquent mean?
DESC:def Whats the meaning of UOL
ENTY:food Name a food high in zinc
DESC:def What is implicature?
DESC:manner In what way do knitters loop?
HUM:title What is a Empress?
NUM:period How many years did the Victorian era last?
LOC:state How are boundaries established?
DESC:def How would you define mitochondria?
ENTY:cremat What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting
NUM:speed How fast can a dolphin swim?
ENTY:substance How is nitrogen used?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for User Experience?
DESC:manner How do I start a bank
NUM:weight How much does a lion weigh on average?
HUM:desc Who was Jinnah
ENTY:product What is a keyboard made of?
ENTY:other What is the source of natural gas
DESC:reason What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for, in 1931
LOC:landmass Whats the second-largest island in the world
NUM:count Count the organs in the body
ENTY:other What defines a historical era?
ENTY:body What is breathing?
HUM:ind What actor starred in 1980s Blue Lagoon, 1982s The Pirate Movie and 1983s A Night in Heaven
LOC:city What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs
ENTY:plant What is a vegetable?
DESC:desc What captures intense aversion?
ENTY:lang What is Japanese known for?
ENTY:techmeth How does deep learning work?
LOC:other Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new
ENTY:plant Where do lettuces grow?
ENTY:dismed What is atorvastatin used for?
ABBR:abb What does HCI study?
ENTY:food What is cereal?
LOC:mount What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama
LOC:other Where is the largest dam in the world
ENTY:dismed What is flu?
ENTY:event When did the Dark Ages occur?
ENTY:techmeth How does computer vision work?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a typical bathtub in gallons?
LOC:water Where is the Lake Superior?
ABBR:exp COO means what?
ENTY:dismed How is sickle cell disease treated?
HUM:ind Tell me about Dante
HUM:ind What famous coach said if you can t beat em in the alley, you can t beat em on the ice
ENTY:currency Which country uses the yuan?
ABBR:exp What does ALB expand to?
NUM:ord What is the ordinality of 6 in the set of even numbers
DESC:def What is semantic field?
ENTY:plant Where do bananas grow?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for A?
HUM:ind Who was Marie Curie?
ENTY:sport What non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds
LOC:other Where is McCarren Airport
LOC:city What is Barcelona?
ENTY:food Where does strawberry come from?
HUM:desc Describe a typical dancer
ENTY:religion What is Salafi Islam?
ENTY:religion What is Zoroastrianism based on?
NUM:volsize How large is the Caribbean Sea?
DESC:def How do portmanteaus form?
NUM:date What was the date of CNNs first broadcast
NUM:dist How far is it from New York to London?
HUM:desc What does a psychiatrist do?
NUM:weight How much does an average human weigh?
NUM:date On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married
ENTY:sport How is sprinting played?
DESC:def What is register?
DESC:def How does reconstruction work?
NUM:other What is the most-watched movie of all time?
ENTY:color What is a common yellow item?
DESC:manner How do psychiatrists medicate?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of pregnancy
HUM:ind Who was the first Prime Minister of Canada
ENTY:sport What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games
LOC:water What river in the US is known as the Big Muddy
DESC:reason Why do emotions arise?
NUM:dist How tall is the giraffe
NUM:perc Developing nations comprise what percentage of the worlds population
ENTY:sport What sport do you shag flies in
ENTY:techmeth What are the different approaches of systems analysis
NUM:temp What temperature does glass become soft?
NUM:other What is a logarithm?
DESC:def What is capitalization effect?
DESC:manner How do lecturers present?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a hyperloop train?
ENTY:color How do patinas form?
ENTY:body How do mammary glands produce?
DESC:reason What causes inflation?
ENTY:dismed How is depression treated?
DESC:def What is a firewall
NUM:ord What is the sixth planet?
DESC:def What is consonance?
ABBR:abb What does MAN cover?
DESC:desc What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1, 000 in the early 1950s
HUM:desc What does a architect do?
LOC:state In which state would you find the Catskill Mountains
NUM:period What is the duration of the average human sleep cycle?
NUM:speed How quickly does electricity travel through copper wire?
ENTY:color How do accent colors work?
ENTY:food Where does shrimp come from?
LOC:landmass What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad
NUM:perc What percentage was the raise?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the proverb A stitch in time saves nine
LOC:landmass What is the Balkans?
NUM:code What is the HTML code for backspace?
DESC:reason What causes seizures?
DESC:reason Why do storms develop?
LOC:landmass What California bays largest island is Angel Island
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for yuan?
ENTY:color What color is yak milk
LOC:water What is the Baltic Sea?
NUM:date What year did the Titanic sink
ENTY:dismed What causes stroke?
ENTY:body What does the hair do?
ENTY:symbol Where is the registered trademark symbol used?
ENTY:currency How many bahts are in a dollar?
LOC:landmass What is a basin?
ENTY:cremat What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar
ENTY:plant What is cotton?
LOC:city Where is Prague?
ENTY:color How does tarnish occur?
NUM:volsize What size is a credit card?
NUM:code What does error code 401 mean?
LOC:other Where is Trinidad
LOC:landmass Where is Asia?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of rejection
ENTY:techmeth Whats the slowest Olympic swimming stroke
ENTY:animal What makes reflexes automatic?
DESC:reason Why was Curious George curious
ENTY:techmeth What is nanotechnology?
ENTY:event The U.S. Department of Treasury first issued paper currency for the U.S. during which war
NUM:period How long is adulthood?
ENTY:substance What is lead?
ENTY:food What is palm oil?
LOC:mount What is the highest mountain in the world
ENTY:religion What religion do RLDS members follow?
HUM:desc How does a cosmetologist help clients?
HUM:desc Describe a typical geologist
ENTY:animal What is the name of the Family Circuss dog
ENTY:sport What game does Garry Kasparov play
ENTY:animal How do herd animals protect?
ENTY:body How does the prostate secrete?
DESC:desc How is difficulty described arduously?
ENTY:animal How do animals raise offspring?
ENTY:food What is poultry meat?
ENTY:symbol What is the © symbol used for?
ENTY:body What is the function of the muscle?
ABBR:exp What does HIV stand for
LOC:state Where is California?
HUM:ind Who was Julius Caesar?
LOC:state What is the capital of New Jersey?
DESC:reason What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea
ENTY:word What does magnanimous mean?
ENTY:word What does buoyant mean?
DESC:reason What causes fraud?
DESC:desc What are some chemical properties of mendelevium
LOC:water Whats the longest river in the world
ENTY:color What color is salmon?
ENTY:animal How do animals grow?
ENTY:dismed What disease plagued Europe, Africa and Asia
ENTY:body Where is the eye?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard textbook?
NUM:volsize What is the total surface area of the human intestines?
DESC:reason Why is Rushs 2112 called 2112
ENTY:cremat What was John F. Kennedys 1960 campaign song
ENTY:dismed What is a common anti-AIDS drug
HUM:gr Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history
LOC:mount what is the smallest mountain range in europe
DESC:def What are the Baltic States
DESC:reason What causes evolution?
ENTY:dismed What causes Alzheimers disease?
ABBR:exp What does SMR expand to?
HUM:desc Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick
ENTY:religion What is Mediumship?
ENTY:sport What is soccer?
ENTY:color How does photosynthesis use?
DESC:desc Describe Niagara Falls
ABBR:exp HTTP stands for what exactly?
ENTY:product What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her
ABBR:exp What does GHA stand for?
DESC:reason Why is Indiglo called Indiglo
ENTY:body What is the spine?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths climate is controlled by the ocean?
HUM:desc What is the role of a consultant?
DESC:reason Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday
ENTY:veh What is a blimp?
ENTY:veh What is the maximum takeoff weight of a Boeing 777?
LOC:water Where is the Orinoco River
NUM:count How many Beanie Baby sites are there
NUM:volsize How large is the Gobi Desert?
DESC:reason What is the reason seasons change?
ENTY:event When did World War II occur?
HUM:gr Who are the contractors?
LOC:mount What is the tallest peak in the Americas?
NUM:count How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball
ENTY:veh What is a bicycle?
NUM:dist what is the distance from mars to the sun
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a pregnancy in weeks?
ENTY:plant What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer
LOC:country What country will hit the year 2 first
DESC:manner How do mathematicians prove?
ENTY:event What happened during the Industrial Revolution?
ENTY:animal How do migratory animals navigate?
NUM:other Whats the population of Mississippi
ENTY:animal How big is a penguin?
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of USA?
DESC:manner How do instructors teach?
ENTY:lang Which language has the most native speakers?
LOC:country What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport
HUM:title state your occupation
DESC:def What is the definition of mitochondria?
DESC:desc What captures straightforwardness?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for attorney?
ENTY:word How many syllables does the word pronunciation have?
ENTY:dismed What is influenza?
NUM:speed How fast can a hurricane wind?
ENTY:symbol What does the { } symbol represent?
DESC:manner How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5
ENTY:animal What African animals are known as The Big Five
LOC:country What country has the most time zones, with 11
ENTY:animal What makes pheromones important?
LOC:country What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical hard drive?
NUM:count What is the number of stars?
DESC:manner What is the way to paint a wall?
ENTY:body How do red cells carry oxygen?
HUM:title What is a Prince?
ENTY:veh How fast can a Harley-Davidson motorcycle reach top speed?
ENTY:color How do neutrals function?
ENTY:body Where is the heart?
ENTY:letter What is a font?
ENTY:product What do you use a car for?
NUM:period What is the age at which most humans reach puberty?
DESC:def How does Verners Law apply?
ENTY:product What is the name of the satellite that the Soviet Union sent into space in 1957
ENTY:instru What is a axe?
ENTY:food Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers
DESC:reason Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs
HUM:gr Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of failure
NUM:perc What percentage is the profit margin?
ABBR:exp RNA stands for what exactly?
ABBR:exp What does NATO expand to?
ENTY:animal What makes climbing possible?
LOC:country What countrys people are the top television watchers
DESC:manner How do I legally make my own will and testament
LOC:city What is the largest city in the world
NUM:count How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnsons have
LOC:water What is the location of Lake Champlain
DESC:desc What is the Taj Mahal like?
ENTY:body What is the function of the rib?
ABBR:exp What does IQ stand for
DESC:reason What causes melting?
ENTY:currency What currency does Egypt use?
NUM:code What is the octal code for bell?
ENTY:techmeth What is Internet of Things?
ENTY:sport How is long jump played?
ENTY:dismed What is dementia?
ABBR:abb What does bps measure?
LOC:state What is the richest state in the U.S.
DESC:manner How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film
ABBR:abb DHCP abbreviates what?
ENTY:sport What Grand Slam golf tournament wasn t held between 1940 and 1945
ENTY:event Tell me about the World Cup
ENTY:product What do you use a keyboard for?
ENTY:lang What is the most spoken language in the world?
ENTY:termeq How do you say, I love you in other languages
ENTY:color What is brown?
DESC:reason What causes landslides?
NUM:temp At what temperature does iron melt?
DESC:def How does register relate?
NUM:dist How far is Mars?
ENTY:plant What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint
ABBR:abb MVC is an abbreviation for what?
ENTY:body What is the function of the hypothalamus?
NUM:volsize How big is the largest diamond
ENTY:veh What is a backhoe?
NUM:perc What percentage of people use smartphones?
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in Tunisia?
LOC:other Where is the Rose Bowl played
NUM:perc What percentage of the world speaks English?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym ATP
DESC:desc Tell me about the Sahara Desert
LOC:water Where is the Mediterranean Sea?
LOC:state What is a county?
NUM:money How much do car insurance cost?
ENTY:symbol What does the ¥ symbol mean?
ENTY:veh what vehicle is used to transport cargo to the ISS
ENTY:color What is pearl?
ENTY:body What is the hardest-working muscle in the body
DESC:manner How do you bake a cake?
DESC:desc How are mysteries described enigmatically?
HUM:gr Name the company that used the line, Even your best friend won t tell you in its ad
HUM:gr What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks
LOC:mount What is the tallest mountain in the UK?
ENTY:techmeth How does blockchain work?
ENTY:food What is spinach made from?
NUM:period How many hours of daylight does Earth have at the equator?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation DHCP
DESC:def What does E Pluribus Unum on the penny mean
ENTY:sport Whats played at Wembley Stadium, London, every May
NUM:money How much does a new car cost?
LOC:city What is a village?
ABBR:exp What does TWN expand to?
DESC:reason Explain why water freezes at 0°C
ENTY:plant How are flowers pollinated?
LOC:city Tell me about Tokyo
DESC:reason Why is we yawn?
LOC:country Which is the wealthiest country in the world
DESC:manner In what way do nurses care?
DESC:manner How can I give myself a French manicure
NUM:period How long was the OJ Simpson trial
ENTY:animal What is Marylands state bird
LOC:landmass in what continent are the alps located
LOC:city How are townships organized?
NUM:dist How far is Atlantic and Pacific?
ENTY:other What is it that walks on four legs, then on two legs, then on three
ENTY:instru How do you use a protractor?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Spanish alphabet have?
ABBR:exp MVC stands for what exactly?
NUM:period How long do flies live
ENTY:product How does a laptop work?
ENTY:cremat Which is the most-used computer program
LOC:water How are lakes?
ENTY:dismed What is Alzheimers disease?
LOC:mount What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world
ABBR:exp What does UK stand for?
LOC:other Where did Dylan Thomas die
LOC:city Where is Houston?
LOC:state Where is Arizona?
DESC:desc How is beauty described aesthetically?
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a periscope?
DESC:desc What conveys closeness?
ENTY:food What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas
ENTY:color What is a common navy item?
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a compass?
LOC:country What continent is Japan in?
ENTY:termeq How are sentences structured?
NUM:period What is the duration of adolescence?
LOC:state What is the capital of Georgia?
ENTY:plant What is the fastest growing plant?
NUM:money How much does one ton of cement cost
ABBR:exp What does FLK expand to?
ENTY:other What is the rarest coin
NUM:other What are the shoe sizes of O Neal, Jordan, and Mutombo, the NBA players
LOC:state How are districts administered?
NUM:period How long does the average domesticated ferret live
ABBR:exp What does the acronym CPR mean
ENTY:food What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles
HUM:title can you tell me what your job is
ENTY:techmeth What is blockchain technology?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym MVC
NUM:date What date is New Years Day?
ABBR:abb NSA is an abbreviation for what?
ABBR:exp What does LAO represent?
NUM:date What is Martin Luther King Jr.s real birthday
ENTY:food What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco, Texas, in 1885
NUM:dist What is the distance to the sun?
ENTY:symbol Where is the moon symbol used?
ENTY:color What is color symbolism?
NUM:dist A tree is broken by the wind. If the top of the tree struck the ground at an angle of 30° and at a distance of 30 m from the root, what is the height of the tree
HUM:ind Tell me about Galileo Galilei
HUM:gr What is the first personal computer company
HUM:desc Who was Darius
DESC:desc How is calm described serenely?
ENTY:instru What device measures energy?
ENTY:body What is the reproductive system?
ENTY:product What is a keyboard?
NUM:other What is a percentage?
ENTY:food Which Asian fruit has the nickname ‘king of fruits’ and is known for its distinctive smell
ENTY:instru What is a flute used for?
HUM:title What did Andy Hardys father do for a living
HUM:ind How does an architect design?
DESC:manner How can I trace my family roots
ENTY:letter What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in
HUM:ind What apostle is Taylor Caldwells Great Lion of God
ENTY:symbol Where is the sun symbol used?
ENTY:body What is the heaviest organ in the human body?
NUM:dist What is the distance between New York and Los Angeles?
NUM:dist how many kilometers does the russian border span
ENTY:sport What are the rules of marathon?
ENTY:body What are made of elastic tissue and also play a key role in the functioning of joints. They connect muscle to bone
ENTY:religion How many Sikhs are there?
LOC:city How are municipalities organized?
ENTY:color How is orange produced?
ENTY:animal What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris
NUM:count How many villi are found in the small intestine
HUM:ind Who were the four famous founders of United Artists
HUM:gr What do we call natives?
ENTY:instru What is the function of a microscope?
ENTY:food What is turkey?
NUM:code how do i unlock this?what is the pin number
LOC:other What is a geographic location at coordinates 26, 101?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a human bladder?
DESC:manner In what way do artists create?
ENTY:plant What does a lemon look like?
ENTY:instru What is a harmonica used for?
NUM:date When was Chinas first nuclear test
LOC:mount How tall is Mount Denali?
NUM:other How long is the Great Wall of China?
NUM:count How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s
DESC:desc What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs
ENTY:religion What is Bahai Faith based on?
ENTY:other How are ancient languages translated?
LOC:other Where can I find scientific data, research papers, on textile engineering
ENTY:symbol What does the ~ symbol represent?
NUM:period What is the average life expectancy in Japan?
ENTY:dismed What is an epidemic?
ENTY:veh How many window seats are typically on a large commercial airliner?
ABBR:abb What does ACT measure?
ENTY:body How does the clitoris respond?
ENTY:termeq What does caliente translate to in English
HUM:desc What is the role of a guide?
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes dollar?
ENTY:body What is the cervix?
HUM:ind What does a entrepreneur do?
ENTY:sport How is soccer played?
ENTY:product What monitor has 4K resolution?
HUM:gr What radio station did Paul Harvey work for
NUM:code How are ZIP codes structured?
ENTY:veh How many different vehicles share the same platform?
DESC:def How do repairs function?
NUM:count What is the number of states of Spain?
ENTY:product What do you use a phone for?
HUM:desc How does a analyst work?
DESC:def What is amezaiku
ENTY:techmeth What are common methods used to regulate monopolies
HUM:desc Describe a typical actor
DESC:def What is the definition of encryption?
LOC:state In what state was the first co-educational college established
NUM:temp At what temperature does plastic degrade?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of France?
NUM:volsize How large is the Mediterranean Sea?
NUM:count How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union
NUM:money What is the price for AAAs liability auto insurance
ENTY:substance How is helium used?
NUM:temp What is the surface temperature of the sun
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths oxygen is produced on land?
ENTY:sport What is volleyball?
ENTY:food How is seitan prepared?
LOC:country What defines a confederation?
LOC:country What defines a kingdom?
ENTY:symbol How is the $ symbol used?
ENTY:animal What makes reciprocal altruism possible?
ENTY:animal What is the name of David Lettermans dog
ENTY:techmeth How does reinforcement learning function?
ENTY:other What are artifacts?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the second space shuttle
NUM:temp Which temperature is hotter17 C or 58 F
NUM:other How long does it take for blood to circulate?
NUM:money How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991
ABBR:exp What does BMU stand for?
ABBR:exp What does NER stand for?
ENTY:animal How do insects metamorphose?
NUM:date What year was penicillin discovered?
NUM:temp What is the melting point of lead?
LOC:water What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands
ENTY:substance What is vinegar used for?
ENTY:veh What is the turning radius of different vehicle classes?
HUM:gr What is a senators?
NUM:period How many minutes is a school lunch period?
LOC:state What is Massachusetts known for?
DESC:reason Why do animals migrate seasonally?
ENTY:dismed How is disease diagnosed?
NUM:dist how deep is the deepest hole in the world
ENTY:body What is the function of the prostate?
NUM:dist How many miles between Earth and Moon?
ENTY:techmeth How does machine learning work?
NUM:ord How is 2 expressed ordinally?
DESC:desc How is ugliness described aesthetically negatively?
DESC:reason What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures
LOC:country What continent is Spain in?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of rubber?
ENTY:cremat What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in
ABBR:exp API stands for what exactly?
ABBR:abb What does NSA stand for?
HUM:desc What does a playwright do?
ENTY:body Where is the spine?
ENTY:lang How is Russian written?
HUM:ind What does a diplomat do?
DESC:reason Why are so many umbrellas black
HUM:ind Who was Aristotle?
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a podcast episode?
HUM:ind What does a philosopher do?
ENTY:color staring at bright yellow causes a dark blue afterimage, then on looking at black, the blue is seen as blue against the black, also as dark as the black, what is this color named
ENTY:religion What religion do Armenian Christians follow?
NUM:perc What percentage of the brain is cerebrospinal fluid?
NUM:ord What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O Hara
ENTY:veh What is a coupe?
NUM:date When is Halloween?
NUM:volsize what is the size of the moon
ENTY:event What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in
ENTY:color What is beige?
DESC:reason What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office
DESC:def What was the Dead Mans Hand
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for won?
ENTY:other What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance
HUM:gr What defines a organization?
NUM:money How much does a loaf of bread cost?
LOC:mount How high is Mount Vesuvius?
ENTY:termeq How do you say eat the day in Latin
ENTY:veh How long is a standard train coupling?
DESC:reason Why do treaties form?
ENTY:lang How is Korean structured?
HUM:gr What school does Tom attend in Tom Browns School Days
ENTY:animal What was the orcas name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World
LOC:mount Where is Mount Aconcagua?
NUM:weight How much does an Olympic barbell weigh?
LOC:city What country is Paris in?
ENTY:techmeth What is recurrent neural networks?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a standard wine bottle?
LOC:country What country boasts Ismails Palace and the Palace of King Farouk
NUM:speed How fast is a tornado?
LOC:city What city has the worlds longest subway system
ENTY:product Name the product that is at your grocers, at your fingertips
NUM:speed How fast does a typical cruise ship travel?
ENTY:word What does eclectic mean?
ENTY:religion Which religion believes in karma?
ENTY:veh What is a Lyft?
ENTY:dismed What causes sickle cell disease?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for escape character?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a human cell?
HUM:desc Describe a typical novelist
DESC:reason What is the cause of endangered species
ABBR:abb What does ZB signify?
ENTY:color What is a common orange item?
DESC:manner Describe how to cook pasta
ENTY:animal What makes play important?
DESC:reason Why is water freezes at 0°C?
LOC:country Where is Portugal?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Nigeria?
HUM:gr What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins
ENTY:plant What is a apple?
ENTY:letter What letter is used for copper on the periodic table?
NUM:perc What percentage of GDP is this?
ENTY:veh How many tire zones are used for temperature ratings?
NUM:date When was the Great Depression
ENTY:religion What is Ismaili Islam?
ENTY:veh What is a submarine?
ABBR:exp HDMI means what in full form?
ENTY:body What is the tooth?
ENTY:food Where does cookie come from?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation
HUM:desc What is an administrator?
LOC:city What United States city produces the most oil
ENTY:body Buccal cavity (oral cavity) and the nasal passage opens into which organ, nearly 12.5 cm long or 5 inches long
ENTY:instru What tool measures wave height?
DESC:reason Why was Washington, DC originally called District of Columbia
ENTY:veh name 10 fictional vehicles
ENTY:veh What is the payload capacity of a Tesla Cybertruck?
ENTY:veh How long is a standard flatbed trailer?
DESC:desc How is dialogue described narratively?
ENTY:termeq What do you call a book of quotes
HUM:gr What was called the worlds largest department store
ENTY:techmeth What method generates wind power?
DESC:desc What is a physical description?
HUM:desc What makes a good teacher?
ENTY:dismed What causes common cold?
LOC:city What is the capital of Uruguay
ENTY:religion What religion do Anglicans follow?
NUM:period What is the average age a horse lives
LOC:country What is the capital of Egypt?
HUM:gr How is a squad organized?
NUM:weight What is the average weight for a man
ENTY:veh What is the seating capacity of a Range Rover?
ENTY:instru What is a Violin?
ENTY:symbol identify the symbol for british pounds
ENTY:color What are carotenoids?
ENTY:lang Which language has the shortest alphabet?
LOC:state What is a kingdom?
NUM:code What is the QR code matrix size?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of passing high objects
DESC:manner How do soldiers conduct operations?
NUM:count How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck
NUM:weight What is the weight of the human blood in a body?
DESC:desc Tell me about a black hole
ENTY:substance What is plastic?
ENTY:sport The second most popular sport worldwide is what
DESC:reason Why do weather patterns shift?
NUM:ord Who came in sixth place?
ENTY:animal Whats an infant seal called
ENTY:animal What makes bounding adaptive?
DESC:manner What is the way to meditation?
ENTY:word What are the first six words of Dickenss A Tale of Two Cities
ABBR:exp What does CYM stand for?
DESC:desc How is setting described in literature?
LOC:other Where is Natchitoches, Louisiana
ENTY:word What does unanimous mean?
ENTY:word What is a word that means intelligent?
LOC:mount What is the tallest mountain
ENTY:dismed What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia
ENTY:religion What religion is Hassidic Judaism?
ENTY:religion What is Orthodoxy based on?
ABBR:abb What does USB mean?
HUM:ind Who won the Battle of Gettysburg
ENTY:food Where does cream come from?
ABBR:exp DNS is short for what exactly?
DESC:reason What causes rainfall?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a college and a university
ENTY:color what primary colours should you mix to get brown
ENTY:termeq Is sofa the same as couch?
ENTY:instru What tool measures intensity?
ABBR:abb VPN abbreviates what?
ENTY:termeq What do Italians call Florence
ENTY:instru What device measures volume?
ENTY:sport What games board shows the territories of Irkutsk, Yakutsk and Kamchatka
ENTY:color What is achromatic?
HUM:gr What defines a consortium?
LOC:city Where is Mumbai?
HUM:gr Who are the nobility?
ABBR:exp What does VCR stand for
LOC:country What is sovereignty?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for gold on the periodic table?
ENTY:currency What currency is used in Algeria
DESC:manner How do you yoga?
ENTY:dismed What causes diabetes?
ENTY:currency What is the kroner?
LOC:city What city is wiener schnitzel named for
ENTY:event Tell me about the Super Bowl
LOC:landmass How are plateaus formed?
ENTY:food What is venison?
ENTY:veh What was the name of the plane Lindbergh flew solo across the Atlantic
ENTY:dismed What is pneumonia?
HUM:title What is Larry Kings occupation
ENTY:body How do nerve endings respond?
LOC:city Tell me about New York
ABBR:exp CPU is short for what exactly?
ENTY:techmeth What technique is used for CT scanning?
NUM:period What is the duration of a quarter?
NUM:perc What percent of the atmosphere is nitrogen?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of ATP?
ENTY:termeq What does Final Four refer to in the sports world
LOC:city What is Hong Kong?
ENTY:event What was the September 11 attacks?
HUM:title Who composed La Vie en Rose?
ENTY:cremat Whats the second-biggest-selling magazine in America
ENTY:sport What game is Garry Kasparov really good at
ENTY:color What is metameric match?
HUM:gr Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County
NUM:date What date did man first land on the moon
LOC:state What is the capital of Mississippi?
ENTY:termeq What is discourse analysis?
NUM:code What is the binary code for newline?
ABBR:abb What does SSD speed up?
DESC:desc What conveys expansion?
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter X?
ENTY:techmeth What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids
ENTY:body How do the diaphragm work?
ENTY:product What is a printer?
NUM:date What is Dick Clarks date of birth
ENTY:food How is pastry made?
HUM:desc How does a professor work?
ABBR:exp What does ABD stand for?
LOC:country What continent is Czech Republic in?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds population speaks Mandarin Chinese?
LOC:state What is the state nickname of Mississippi
ENTY:product What is a smartwatch made of?
NUM:period How many hours does an average person work per week?
DESC:reason Why do floods happen?
ENTY:letter What letter denotes a vowel in English?
HUM:title what do you call someone that invents things
DESC:reason Explain why the moon has craters
NUM:date When was World War I?
HUM:desc Who was Damocles
HUM:ind What singers hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone
ENTY:veh What is a sailboat used for?
HUM:title Who authored Harry Potter?
NUM:period How long does a typical microwave meal take to cook?
ENTY:symbol what 16 additional signs did the Department of Transportation request in 1979
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Dubai?
DESC:def What is ouzo
ENTY:techmeth How does Bayesian inference work?
ENTY:event What is a concert?
ENTY:substance What is sugar used for?
ENTY:color How do primaries mix?
NUM:date When was the microscope invented?
ABBR:exp What does ERI expand to?
NUM:code What is the binary code for tab?
ENTY:dismed What causes cystic fibrosis?
ABBR:exp SSD means what in full form?
ENTY:word What is the longest word in the English language?
DESC:desc What captures visual narrative?
DESC:manner How do researchers investigate?
NUM:date In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations
NUM:money What is the price of a gallon of milk?
NUM:count Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts
HUM:desc What is a editor?
DESC:desc What is the origin of infinity
NUM:perc What percentage of children attend private school?
LOC:city In what city is the famed St. Marks Square
HUM:gr Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship
NUM:period What is the age requirement to join the military?
ABBR:exp What does EST expand to?
NUM:speed What is the speed of the fastest internet connection?
ENTY:termeq Is car the same as automobile?
NUM:perc What percentage are minorities?
ENTY:animal What animals do you find in the stock market
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of lice
NUM:count How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play
NUM:weight what is the weight of 5 liters of water
ENTY:letter What is the handwriting in grammar?
ENTY:other What did the Yalta Conference lead to
NUM:volsize How big is Australia
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to dwelling?
ENTY:veh What is the tensile strength of automotive steel?
NUM:volsize How big is a tennis court?
HUM:desc What does a sculptor do?
ENTY:color How do tannic colors work?
NUM:ord What is 100?
ENTY:food Where does tomato come from?
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for form feed?
NUM:dist How wide is the Atlantic Ocean
ENTY:instru What is a blood pressure cuff used for?
ENTY:cremat Tell me about burial
ENTY:color What is taupe?
NUM:ord Where did your horse come in the race
ENTY:veh How long is a standard gondola cabin on a cable car?
ENTY:dismed What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have
ABBR:exp CEO means what?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a typical Olympic swimming pool?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a Formula 1 car in a straight line?
NUM:date In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France
DESC:desc How are people described demographically?
HUM:gr What major airline has the best safety record in the world
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of RF?
ENTY:word What does transient mean?
NUM:date When was the first steel mill in the United States built
LOC:other What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in
ENTY:food How are eggs cooked?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of ORM?
NUM:perc What percentage of the economy is agriculture?
NUM:dist How far is New York from Dubai?
ABBR:exp What does SHIELD stand for
LOC:country What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847
HUM:desc Who invented the telephone?
ENTY:plant What plant has medicinal properties for headaches?
ENTY:product What is Nike?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a supersonic Concorde jet?
HUM:gr What company sells the most greeting cards
NUM:speed How fast does a rocket launch?
ENTY:termeq What is the opposite of bright?
ENTY:lang Where is Swedish spoken?
ENTY:sport What is weightlifting?
HUM:ind What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique
ENTY:product How does a game console work?
ENTY:product What is Pokemon?
ENTY:instru What is a compass used for?
ENTY:lang What is Korean known for?
HUM:desc What is a architect?
ENTY:symbol What does the † symbol mean?
DESC:desc What do insects do through their spiracles
DESC:def What do we mean by entropy?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of everything
LOC:country What country did the Romans call Hibernia
LOC:water Where is the Dead Sea?
ENTY:food Where does lettuce come from?
LOC:state What state does Martha Stewart live in
ENTY:color What color is a flamingo?
LOC:landmass What is Cuba?
LOC:state What is the capital of Arkansas?
LOC:city What country is Los Angeles in?
ABBR:abb What does CPU stand for?
DESC:def What are platelets
DESC:desc How is clarity described lucidly?
ENTY:dismed What causes depression?
DESC:manner How can I stop or slow down aging
ENTY:other What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger
ENTY:food What was the first Lifesaver flavor
ENTY:body How do lymphocytes develop?
NUM:money How much does insurance cost annually?
ENTY:termeq What do the Japanese call Japan
LOC:landmass How are islands?
LOC:city Where is Cairo?
NUM:date When was the French Revolution?
NUM:count Count the strings on a guitar
ENTY:animal What makes tool use significant?
ENTY:symbol What playing card symbolizes death
NUM:period What is a decade?
NUM:ord How is the number 101 expressed ordinally?
ENTY:veh What ship did Lloyd M. Bucher command
NUM:perc What is the murder rate in Windsor, Ontario
ENTY:color How does RGB model work?
NUM:perc What was Thatchers approval rating after 10 years in power
ENTY:color What color are crickets
ENTY:symbol What does the euro sign represent?
NUM:volsize how big is the Enterprise
ENTY:religion What do Sikhism followers believe?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the term soda jerk
ENTY:food What is tofu?
LOC:mount What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent
ENTY:animal How big is a lion?
LOC:city Which city has the oldest relationship as a sister�city with Los Angeles
ENTY:termeq What is another term for automobile?
NUM:dist what is the distance between the earth and the moon
NUM:code What is the binary code for line feed?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths species live in the rainforest?
NUM:ord What is fifth?
ENTY:lang What is Hindi?
ENTY:body Where is the nose?
ENTY:color What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards
NUM:code How are airline codes structured?
LOC:state Where is Wisconsin?
LOC:mount Where is Himalayas?
ENTY:word How are adverbs used?
ENTY:cremat What book is the follow-up to Future Shock
ENTY:dismed How is Alzheimers disease treated?
LOC:city Tell me about Madrid
NUM:code How are ISBN codes structured?
LOC:country How are nations organized?
NUM:dist how far away is pluto
HUM:gr Whats Japans largest car manufacturer
ENTY:veh What is the width of a standard semi-truck?
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for line feed?
NUM:speed How fast can a roadrunner run?
DESC:def What is encoding?
ENTY:body What is the diameter of a human blood cell?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of the Pacific Ocean?
ABBR:abb CIA is an abbreviation for what?
NUM:other What is the wavelength of visible light?
ENTY:dismed What causes hypertension?
HUM:gr What do we call knights?
ABBR:exp pH stands for what exactly?
ENTY:termeq Whats a male witch called
ENTY:body What is the gallbladder?
LOC:country Where is Saudi Arabia?
NUM:code What is Unicode?
ENTY:letter What letter represents carbon on the periodic table?
DESC:desc How is poetry described?
ENTY:substance What alloy do copper and tin form
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym SEC
DESC:manner How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published
NUM:count How many oceans are there?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in USB stand for?
ENTY:animal What makes parthenogenesis possible?
DESC:reason Why do credits build?
ENTY:animal How do producers create energy?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board
ENTY:cremat What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7, 0 pounds
NUM:other What is the number of continents?
ENTY:dismed What causes autism?
ENTY:techmeth What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level
LOC:country What is an international border?
ENTY:veh How many cylinders does a Dodge Hellcat engine have?
NUM:count How many people in Tucson
ENTY:event What are some science fair projects for 8th graders
ABBR:exp HDD is short for what exactly?
NUM:other How much does the moon weigh?
DESC:desc What is a black hole like?
ENTY:plant What is a birch?
ENTY:veh What is a combine harvester?
ENTY:letter What letter denotes the nominative case?
NUM:count How many languages are there?
NUM:other How many people use Google every day?
NUM:money What is a funeral cost?
ENTY:veh What is a pickup truck?
ENTY:body How many muscles are in the human face?
ENTY:color How do plants use color?
ABBR:exp What does GNQ represent?
LOC:landmass Which continent is Antarctica?
ENTY:animal What kind of creature is a coot
ENTY:other What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Faroese alphabet have?
DESC:desc Tell me about the Grand Canyon
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of touching
NUM:period How long does it take for a wound to fully heal?
NUM:perc What percentage is oxygen?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of lava?
LOC:country Which country is the largest country in Latin America
LOC:other Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S.
LOC:country What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles
LOC:state How are tribes organized?
ENTY:event What is the Oscars?
ENTY:sport How is rugby played?
ENTY:plant Which plant is used in medicine?
HUM:gr Who are the employers?
ENTY:body What is the muscle?
ENTY:veh Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for United Nations?
ENTY:color What is brand color psychology?
ENTY:food How are herbs used?
NUM:speed What is a tsunami speed?
DESC:desc Describe a supernova
ENTY:letter What is the alphabet in grammar?
ABBR:abb SSD abbreviates what?
ENTY:product What is Xbox?
LOC:mount What is the height of Mount Denali?
ENTY:cremat What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years
DESC:reason Why is the sky is blue?
LOC:city What city is found in the city of OZ
HUM:ind Who killed Martin Luther King
HUM:ind Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary
HUM:gr What do we call politicians?
ENTY:word What is the correct plural of the word mouse?
DESC:manner How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse
NUM:money What is the monetary value?
ENTY:event What happened during the fall of the Berlin Wall?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make biofuel?
NUM:period How many hours of vacation do most employees get?
ENTY:symbol What does the dollar sign represent?
LOC:city What is the most populated city in the world
NUM:other What is the depth of the Mariana Trench?
ENTY:food How is bread baked?
HUM:gr What university was Woodrow Wilson President of
NUM:count How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay
NUM:other What is the number of planets in our solar system?
DESC:def How do metaphors conceptualize?
NUM:period How many hours of training do military recruits undergo?
HUM:gr Who are the freelancers?
LOC:landmass How are islands formed?
ENTY:color What color were Ernest Hemingways eyes
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Sydney?
NUM:count How many regions does France have?
DESC:reason Explain why eclipses happen
ENTY:body Where is the rib?
ABBR:exp What does AND stand for?
HUM:gr What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth
LOC:country What country is famous for Persian rugs
LOC:city Where is Amsterdam?
ENTY:letter What letter comes after Z?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the female counterpart to El Nino, which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation ROM
NUM:ord Who came in fifteenth place?
ABBR:abb What is meant by FTP?
ENTY:body How many taste receptors does the tongue have?
ENTY:instru How many strings does a typical harp have?
NUM:dist How tall is Prince Charles
DESC:def What are spider veins
LOC:water What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared
DESC:manner In what manner do interpreters mediate?
ENTY:symbol what symbol is used to represent the american dollar
NUM:period What is the life expectancy of an elephant
ENTY:lang What is Thai?
ENTY:religion What religion do Alavis practice?
ENTY:animal How big is a emu?
ENTY:cremat What remains after cremation?
LOC:state What are all the southern states of the U.S.
ABBR:exp What does KAZ stand for?
LOC:state What is a zone?
DESC:def What are enzymes
NUM:date What year was the Renaissance?
DESC:reason Why do genes express?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Russia?
ENTY:color How are colors used?
ENTY:cremat What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million
ENTY:currency Which country uses the dong?
ENTY:instru What device measures depth?
HUM:gr What is a alumni?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Turkish alphabet have?
NUM:count How many bytes are in a terabyte
HUM:desc How does an ethnographer conduct research?
DESC:manner How do critics evaluate?
NUM:money What is the fine for having a dog on a beach
ENTY:instru What instrument measures torque?
NUM:other What is the size of a human cell?
NUM:money What is the per-capita income of Colombia, South America
ENTY:food How is octopus?
ENTY:food What is hot dog made from?
DESC:manner How do painters brush?
DESC:def What does verdandi mean
NUM:money How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000
ENTY:plant What kind of tree graces Lebanons flag
ENTY:word What is a preposition?
HUM:title What is a Consultant?
ENTY:termeq What do we call automobile in other words?
ABBR:exp What does FSM expand to?
ABBR:abb In computing, SSH refers to what?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to fast?
ENTY:termeq Is teenager the same as adolescent?
ENTY:religion What is Buddhism based on?
ENTY:other What do opposite faces of a die always add up to
ENTY:techmeth How does edge computing work?
NUM:temp What is the average temperature in the Sahara?
HUM:gr What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called
DESC:def What is fossilization?
LOC:water Where is the Pacific Ocean?
ENTY:color How is cobalt created?
NUM:perc How much is ice?
DESC:desc What is the Colosseum like?
ENTY:veh What is a all-terrain vehicle used for?
ENTY:plant Where do lichens grow?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the Jewish alphabet
LOC:city What city or state do the most gay men live in
DESC:def What is semolina
ENTY:body How many blood cells exist?
NUM:other What is the chemical reactivity of neon
LOC:city How are municipalities?
NUM:perc What percentage of the brain is used?
LOC:other What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives
ENTY:instru What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Joness From Here to Eternity
NUM:period How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution
LOC:state What is the capital of South Dakota?
LOC:landmass What is Ireland?
ENTY:plant Where do broccolis grow?
ENTY:dismed What causes AIDS?
DESC:reason What makes you fat
LOC:state What is the capital of Maryland?
LOC:city What is a metropolis?
ENTY:word What is another term for speak?
DESC:manner In what manner do psychotherapists listen?
ENTY:word What is a heteronym?
NUM:count What is the number of keys on a piano?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of Hz?
DESC:manner What is the way to tie a knot?
ABBR:abb dB is an abbreviation for what?
ENTY:color What is monochromatic design?
ENTY:dismed What therapy attempts to elicit the primal scream
HUM:gr What toy company is the worlds No.1 maker of female apparel
NUM:count How many horses died during the civil war
ENTY:color What is violet?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds population uses the internet?
LOC:city What country is Dubai in?
LOC:city What country is Istanbul in?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a strand of human hair?
LOC:state What U.S. state lived under six flags
ENTY:body What is inflammation?
DESC:reason What causes tumors?
ENTY:body What is the function of the sinus?
ENTY:symbol What does the pound sign represent?
NUM:money What is a wedding cost?
LOC:mount What is Aconcagua?
ABBR:exp Write out HDMI in full
LOC:state What U.S. states motto is Live free or Die
ENTY:other What does a heliologist study
ENTY:event What was organized as a Confederate veterans social club in Pulaski, in Tennessee, in 1866
ENTY:body How does the hypodermis store?
ENTY:word How many syllables does average have?
LOC:country What two countries is Andorra nestled between
LOC:mount Where is Ben Nevis?
LOC:country What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value
NUM:dist What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal
HUM:gr What defines a department?
ENTY:product What is a comb?
LOC:mount What is Blanc?
HUM:title Who composed The Four Seasons?
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a job interview?
NUM:code What is barcode?
ENTY:dismed What is chickenpox?
ABBR:exp What does HRV represent?
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym HDD
ENTY:food Where does soda come from?
ABBR:exp VPN means what in full form?
NUM:other What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst
NUM:count What is the number of species?
DESC:manner How do people greet?
DESC:reason Why do bones strengthen?
ENTY:body How many ligaments connect bones in the knee?
ENTY:techmeth What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible
DESC:def What is dry ice
ENTY:instru What is a axe used for?
NUM:volsize How large is the Black Sea?
ENTY:instru What is a protractor used for?
DESC:desc How is space described spatially?
DESC:manner In what way do lawyers argue?
NUM:temp What is room temperature?
DESC:def How does pun function?
ENTY:veh How long is a typical railroad passenger car?
NUM:temp What is absolute zero?
ENTY:food What soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967
HUM:desc Describe a typical judge
ENTY:veh What is a fighter jet used for?
HUM:ind Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15, 1972
HUM:ind What did Leonardo da Vinci do?
DESC:reason Why do dreams occur?
ENTY:letter What letter is vowel?
DESC:manner In what manner do rheumatologists treat?
DESC:manner In what manner do mentors guide?
ENTY:techmeth How does stem cells work?
ENTY:religion Ever wondered what religion you are
ENTY:currency What is the yen?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a human fist?
ENTY:color How is ebony created?
DESC:desc How is economics described fiscally?
HUM:title What is a Baron?
ENTY:word What is a clause?
LOC:city What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called
ENTY:other What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21, 1913
ENTY:word What is the plural of the word octopus?
DESC:desc What conveys complication?
LOC:water What is the deepest lake in the US
HUM:ind What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying
NUM:ord What is the twelfth planet?
NUM:dist How far is London from Barcelona?
ENTY:word How many syllables does the word worcestershire have?
ENTY:word What is the plural of analysis?
ENTY:symbol What does the swastika represent?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Peru?
ENTY:animal What makes biodiversity important?
DESC:desc What captures difference vividly?
DESC:reason What causes confusion?
NUM:money What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury
ENTY:animal What makes hearing sensitive?
ENTY:plant How are shrubs different from trees?
NUM:money What is the price of oil per barrel?
ENTY:body What are sweat glands?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Colombia?
HUM:gr Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa
ENTY:symbol what are the most common Navigational symbols
LOC:city Where is Sydney?
LOC:city What Australian city became the home of the Americas Cup
ABBR:exp RAM is short for what exactly?
ENTY:instru What is a Bass?
LOC:city What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport
HUM:ind Who invented Astroturf
ENTY:animal What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter
HUM:ind How are entrepreneurs?
DESC:manner How do you get rid on woodpeckers
LOC:landmass List 3 archipelagos along the coast of the Americas
ENTY:event What happened during the Vietnam War?
HUM:title What occupation has the highest divorce rate
DESC:desc What conveys awe?
ENTY:body How do hair grow?
LOC:country Tell me about Australia
ENTY:food What is kefir?
NUM:ord What is the chronological position of Barack Obama among Presidents of the United States
LOC:country What countrys capital is Tirana
NUM:date What month, date, and year did Charles I die
DESC:desc How is science described clinically?
HUM:gr What do we call agnostics?
NUM:temp What temperature does chocolate melt?
LOC:landmass What countries are in Iceland?
DESC:desc What was the infamous feat of Germanys U-2 submarine
NUM:weight How much does a pencil weigh?
ENTY:word What is the correct past tense of go?
NUM:dist What is the distance to the nearest star?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of pH?
DESC:reason Why is the word abbreviation so long
ENTY:letter How many consonants does the English alphabet have?
LOC:country Where is Argentina?
ENTY:letter What is the shape of the letter U?
LOC:country Tell me about New Zealand
DESC:def What is sarcasm?
ABBR:exp What does STP stand for?
ENTY:animal Whats the official animal of Canada
ENTY:food What are cookies?
ENTY:food How are turkeys?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for digit 5?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a race car?
DESC:def What is elision?
ABBR:abb What does ML stand for?
NUM:money How much does an iPhone cost?
ENTY:food How is goat?
LOC:mount What country has Ben Nevis?
LOC:country What are the five richest countries in the world
DESC:manner How can I get someones phone number if I only have their screen name
HUM:title What is a Princess?
HUM:title Who wrote Crime and Punishment?
ENTY:veh What is a snowmobile used for?
ABBR:exp What does PYF expand to?
ENTY:veh What is a crossover?
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a book club meeting?
ENTY:cremat What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars
ENTY:food What are squashes?
NUM:money How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia
ENTY:religion How do indigenous peoples practice spirituality?
ENTY:currency How are reserve currencies?
ENTY:veh How long does it take to replace a semi-truck tire?
NUM:other How far is Mars from Earth?
DESC:manner How does a submarine operate
ENTY:plant Which plant produces the most oxygen?
NUM:perc What percentage of DNA is junk?
ENTY:food What is yogurt?
NUM:other What is the chemical reactivity of argon
NUM:count How many keys on a piano are there?
NUM:money What is the price for tuberculosis drugs
DESC:def What is the definition of analogy?
HUM:desc What is a geologist?
HUM:ind What American poet wrote Good fences make good neighbors
ENTY:termeq What is semantics?
DESC:reason Why do societies evolve?
LOC:water How long is the Nile River?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym UNESCO
NUM:volsize how many cubic centimeters in an average wine bottle
ENTY:food How is wine fermented?
NUM:other How many countries are there?
ENTY:dismed Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide
LOC:city Tell me about Chicago
ENTY:event What happened during the World Cup?
ENTY:plant What does a lettuce look like?
ENTY:body How do sensory nerves transmit?
HUM:gr What is the best college in the country
ENTY:food How is risotto cooked?
DESC:desc What is the Grand Canyon like?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation
NUM:period How long does a pregnancy last?
ENTY:termeq What is an antonym for difficult?
DESC:desc How is simplicity described elementally?
ENTY:body What is the largest part of the human brain is called
ENTY:color How are colorants manufactured?
ENTY:substance Whats the worlds most common compound
NUM:date What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular
LOC:city Where is Hong Kong?
DESC:manner How do you ask questions
DESC:reason What causes assimilation?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths fresh water is in Antarctica?
ENTY:body What does the prostate do?
LOC:water What is the largest lake?
DESC:reason Why do ecosystems balance?
NUM:date What year was the setting for American Graffiti
LOC:state What state is the geographic center of the lower 48 states
NUM:weight How much does an elephant weigh?
ENTY:symbol What is the sun symbol?
DESC:def What is an adjective?
ENTY:religion What is Protestantism based on?
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for digit 5?
DESC:manner In what way do hairstylists style?
ENTY:cremat What was the sequel to The Pink Panther
ENTY:techmeth Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects
NUM:volsize What is the size of a house?
ENTY:food What do chefs call The Master Spice
ENTY:veh What is a grader?
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a spectrometer?
LOC:landmass How are basins formed?
ENTY:cremat What is the purpose of mausoleum?
ENTY:animal What species was Winnie the Pooh
ENTY:dismed How is pneumonia treated?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Dean?
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a hygrometer?
ENTY:symbol How is the ¶ symbol used?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation GPU
DESC:manner In what way do builders construct?
NUM:perc What percentage of babies are born via cesarean section?
DESC:def How do independent clauses connect?
NUM:count How many times was pitcher, Warren Spahn, a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons
ENTY:product What is the Bentley?
LOC:other Where was Poe born
LOC:water What connects to the Amazon River?
HUM:desc Describe a typical lecturer
LOC:state What is Texas known for?
HUM:gr Who are cartoondoms Super Six
ENTY:cremat What is Dr. Seuss most popular book
LOC:city What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a feature film?
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter F in English?
DESC:reason What causes savannas?
HUM:title What is a Supervisor?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in LED stand for?
LOC:state What is the largest city in New Hampshire?
NUM:date When is Earth Day?
LOC:country What European countrys monarchy was restored in 1975
ENTY:veh What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor
ENTY:dismed How is mumps treated?
ENTY:body How do glomeruli filter?
ENTY:animal What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era
ENTY:instru What instrument measures altitude?
LOC:mount Which mountain is the highest in Australia?
ABBR:exp What does BWA stand for?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths atmosphere has greenhouse gases?
NUM:other What is the worlds population
ENTY:food What is orange made from?
ENTY:body What does the liver do?
HUM:title What is the role of a Representative?
HUM:title Who composed Fur Elise?
HUM:gr What do we call freelancers?
DESC:def How do semantic relations work?
NUM:money What was the first minimum wage
ENTY:termeq The Jewish alphabet is known as what
LOC:water Where is the Amazon River?
ENTY:other What is a historical interpretation?
LOC:water Where is the Lake Baikal?
NUM:ord What is the tenth planet?
DESC:reason What causes unemployment?
NUM:date On what day is Valentines Day?
HUM:title What is a Duchess?
ABBR:exp What does CAN represent?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for vertical tab?
LOC:country What was the first country to put a second woman in space
DESC:reason Explain why the sky is blue
ABBR:abb What does OPEC stand for?
NUM:weight How much does a smartphone weigh?
ENTY:religion Which religion follows the Torah?
ENTY:techmeth Whats an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake
ENTY:food What do bats eat
HUM:desc What is a sculptor?
ENTY:event How are concerts organized?
DESC:def What is the definition of metaphor?
ENTY:veh What is the fuel efficiency of a hybrid Toyota Prius?
ENTY:sport What is baseball?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of shadows
LOC:country Where is Brazil?
NUM:count What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population
DESC:manner Describe how to take a photograph
HUM:gr What is a millennials?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in URL stand for?
DESC:manner How do supervisors monitor?
ENTY:cremat What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin
ENTY:body What is the skull?
HUM:title What is the rank or title Z?
NUM:dist How tall is the Gateway Arch in St. Louis, MO
LOC:city What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America
NUM:other What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer, and where can I find this information
NUM:period How many days is the average hospital stay?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Tensor Processing Unit?
NUM:temp What temperature is considered hypothermic?
LOC:country What is a union?
ENTY:body What is the large intestine?
NUM:count How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994
DESC:manner How do microwaves work
ENTY:other What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan
ENTY:lang How many people speak Thai?
HUM:desc Who is Shirley MacLaine
DESC:def How does coalescence function?
ENTY:religion What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate
ENTY:plant What is a lichen?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds population lives in developed countries?
HUM:gr The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what
ENTY:body How does the penis function?
ENTY:veh How many windows does a limousine have?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym JSON
ABBR:exp What does CIA expand to?
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a transit level?
ENTY:color What color is a grape?
HUM:ind How does a musician contribute?
NUM:count What is the population of Australia?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Spain?
NUM:code What is the HTML code for tab?
ABBR:exp What does XIR expand to?
ENTY:cremat How are living wills created?
ENTY:veh What is a stroller?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for couch starting with s?
LOC:state What is a canton?
DESC:reason What causes hangnails?
ENTY:instru What is a drum?
DESC:manner In what way do guards patrol?
ENTY:color How do analogous colors relate?
DESC:def What does caliente mean, in English
DESC:def What is an arab strap
NUM:temp What is the coldest temperature ever recorded on Earth?
ENTY:color How is tan formed?
NUM:dist What is the distance to Mars?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym WiFi
ENTY:word How many letters does the word hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia have?
ENTY:instru What is the magnification of a jewelers loupe?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Whitney?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in DNS stand for?
ENTY:body How does cartilage?
ENTY:instru What is the function of a galvanometer?
NUM:dist How far is Sydney and Auckland?
NUM:money What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach
NUM:weight What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole
ENTY:veh How many degrees can a front wheel of a car turn?
ENTY:religion What is Swedenborgianism?
NUM:date On what day is Independence Day?
ENTY:animal What is the smallest bird in Britain
NUM:perc What percent of the atmosphere is oxygen?
ENTY:color What color is white?
ENTY:veh Whats the name of Jacques Cousteaus research ship
ENTY:event What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees, imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves
NUM:count How many colours are there?
NUM:perc What percentage of people unemployed?
NUM:ord where are you in the leaderboard
LOC:mount How high is Mount Everest?
ABBR:exp What does BLG stand for?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the yen?
ENTY:event What is a fair?
LOC:water Where is the North Sea?
NUM:perc What percentage of the body weight is water?
ENTY:other How are historical sites excavated?
LOC:water What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam
ENTY:food What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth
LOC:state What state produces the best lobster to eat
LOC:city What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatras Needle
ENTY:instru How many valves does a French horn have?
HUM:gr What party was Winston Churchill a member of
ENTY:body What is the function of the bone?
NUM:speed How fast does the Earth rotate on its axis at the equator?
DESC:def What is divergence?
ENTY:termeq Is unhappy the same as sad?
NUM:speed What is the speed of light in a medium?
ENTY:product What is a scanner?
ABBR:exp What does LBR expand to?
ENTY:animal How do animals remember?
LOC:other Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers
ENTY:product What is the Porsche 911?
HUM:gr What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for
HUM:title What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage
NUM:temp What temperature does dry ice sublimate?
ENTY:color What is a common teal item?
LOC:country What country are Godiva chocolates from
LOC:city Tell me about Barcelona
NUM:period How many months of the year have 30 days?
ABBR:abb What does UEFI replace?
DESC:def How would you define quantum?
ENTY:animal What makes thanatosis useful?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word nevermind
DESC:reason Why do rainforests thrive?
DESC:reason What is the purpose of a car bra
DESC:desc What conveys inscrutability?
ENTY:plant Which plant produces the most seeds?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to sick?
ENTY:food Madonna hocks which soft drink
LOC:country What continent is France in?
NUM:volsize The surface area of a cube is 1734 sq. cm. Find its volume
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Global Navigation Satellite System?
LOC:country What continent is Iran in?
ENTY:other What constitutes an adult
ENTY:instru What is a Electric Guitar?
ABBR:exp What does CPV represent?
ENTY:animal What makes architecture adaptive?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the krona?
ABBR:abb What does radar stand for?
NUM:temp What is the temperature on Mercury?
ENTY:color What three colors are on the French flag
NUM:period How long does it take to learn a new language?
HUM:ind What did Carl Sagan do?
NUM:count What is the population of the largest Chilean city
ENTY:religion What is Syncretism in religion?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Solid State Drive?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Unified Extensible Firmware Interface?
LOC:country Jackson Pollock is of what nationality
ENTY:techmeth What is deep learning?
NUM:dist How far is it from Denver to Aspen
ENTY:lang How many speakers does Mandarin have?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures ocean current speed?
DESC:manner How do I tie dye clothes
LOC:country What nationality was Jackson Pollock
HUM:title What is the role of a Vice President?
ENTY:veh What is a wheelbarrow?
ENTY:body Where is the muscle?
LOC:mount What is Cook?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Bluetooth?
LOC:country What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of
DESC:reason What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches
ENTY:substance What are the properties of salt?
DESC:desc What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch
HUM:ind What did Napoleon Bonaparte do?
NUM:count What is the number of muscles in the body?
DESC:reason What causes epidemics?
ENTY:animal How do animals affect humans?
ENTY:color What is Rayleigh scattering?
ENTY:religion How is Jainism practiced?
NUM:temp At what temperature does lead melt?
HUM:desc Describe a typical editor
LOC:water What is the Indian Ocean?
ENTY:lang What is Chinese?
NUM:code What is the binary code for bell?
NUM:dist How far is New York and Los Angeles?
HUM:ind Who was Charles Darwin?
ENTY:instru What is a hammer?
ENTY:letter What is the shape of the letter N?
ENTY:other In AD 999, what sort of celebrations, fears, were there
ENTY:lang Where is Japanese spoken?
DESC:def What is noise in communication?
DESC:desc What conveys force?
NUM:volsize How large is the Sahara?
ABBR:exp CRUD stands for what exactly?
ENTY:animal What is a turtle?
ENTY:termeq Is little the same as small?
NUM:code What does error code 500 mean?
NUM:weight What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole
ENTY:plant What does a rye look like?
LOC:mount How tall is Mount McKinley?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Russia?
DESC:manner How did Jayne Mansfield die
ENTY:food What is honey?
DESC:manner How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter
DESC:def What does the Greek word polis mean, as in Minneapolis
DESC:desc What can I do to get into an Ivy League school
ENTY:currency Which country uses the ruble?
ENTY:cremat What is a columbarium?
ENTY:cremat What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he ll be the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs !
ENTY:techmeth What does the method called cold fusion create
ENTY:religion What religion do Baptists follow?
LOC:water What is the deepest lake?
ENTY:symbol What does the ^ symbol mean?
LOC:country What nationality is Gorbachev
NUM:period How long is a baseball season?
NUM:ord What grade are you in
ENTY:food What is cultured butter?
DESC:desc Can you describe Big Ben?
ENTY:color How is copper formed?
ENTY:techmeth How does quantum computing work?
NUM:money How much was the minimum wage in 1991
HUM:gr Who are the millennials?
DESC:desc What captures disorder imagery?
ENTY:termeq What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before
ENTY:veh What is the official state car of the Emperor of Japan
ENTY:instru What is a knife?
LOC:state What is the capital of Oregon?
HUM:title How does an ambassador function?
DESC:def How does reanalysis function?
ENTY:word What is the correct spelling of the word accommodate?
DESC:manner How do I stop background noise in a car stereo
HUM:ind What actor and actress have made the most movies
ENTY:body How do cytokines regulate?
ENTY:animal What is a giraffe?
ENTY:word Whats the Hungarian word for pepper
ENTY:lang Where is German spoken?
ENTY:other What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights
ENTY:termeq Is luminous the same as bright?
LOC:water How salty is the Caspian Sea?
HUM:gr Who are the representatives?
HUM:desc Describe a typical counselor
ENTY:food What is einkorn?
NUM:volsize How big is Jupiter compared to Earth?
ENTY:word How many letters does the word dichlorodifluoromethane have?
ENTY:veh What is the wind resistance coefficient of aerodynamic cars?
HUM:ind Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars
ENTY:food What is squid?
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a pendulum?
NUM:perc What percentage of the atmosphere is oxygen?
HUM:title How are governors?
NUM:money What is the cost of a car?
ENTY:color How do colors advertise?
ENTY:plant Which plant is used to make rubber?
ENTY:word What is the longest word in the English language
LOC:mount Where is Mount Puncak?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Hungarian?
HUM:title What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from London?
NUM:count How many bends are there in a standard paper clip
ENTY:veh What was the first Japanese car to be produced in the United States
NUM:other What is the number of bird species?
DESC:manner How do potters wheel?
ENTY:animal How do animals memorize routes?
ENTY:body What are nephrons?
ENTY:product What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing
HUM:ind What U.S. vice-president once declared If you ve seen one slum, you ve seen them all
LOC:state What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998
ENTY:animal What is a falcon?
ENTY:veh What is the cabin pressure differential in a commercial aircraft?
ENTY:letter How many consonants are in English?
DESC:def How would you define paradox?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of concrete?
ENTY:product What product does Mrs. Olsen promote
ENTY:religion What is Episcopalianism?
DESC:manner How do hunters track?
NUM:count What is the number of states of USA?
DESC:def What is die-casting
NUM:count What is the population of Peru?
ENTY:other How are cultures studied?
NUM:count How many people in America snore
ENTY:techmeth What is 3D printing?
HUM:gr Name the fast food chain with the golden arches
DESC:reason Why do migrations happen?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of REST?
NUM:weight How much does a blue whale weigh?
ENTY:symbol What does the ( ) symbol mean?
NUM:ord What is your filial order of birth, to your parents
ENTY:cremat What is a funeral practice?
DESC:reason From what cause does tuberculosis stem
LOC:city Where is Moscow?
ENTY:substance What is oil used for?
ENTY:symbol What is the chemical symbol for chlorine?
NUM:perc What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US
ENTY:religion What religion do Theosophists follow?
NUM:temp What is the temperature in space?
LOC:city What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989
ENTY:techmeth How does Bluetooth pairing work?
NUM:temp Body temperature is 98.6 F. What is the temperature in Celsius
ENTY:color What color is silver?
NUM:volsize How large is an orange?
ENTY:sport How is volleyball played?
ENTY:veh What is the compression ratio of modern diesel engines?
ENTY:letter How many letters are in the German alphabet?
ENTY:plant How do plants photosynthesize?
NUM:date What season begins with the vernal equinox
ENTY:cremat What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Madrid?
NUM:other What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis
HUM:title Who painted The Persistence of Memory?
ENTY:veh How long is an average passenger train car?
ENTY:animal What kind of dog was Toto in the Wizard of Oz
ENTY:religion How many Jains are there?
ENTY:currency How many ringgit are in a dollar?
NUM:temp What is the temperature on the moon at night?
ENTY:veh What is a rocket used for?
DESC:manner How do performers execute choreography?
ENTY:veh What is a snowmobile?
ENTY:instru What tool measures area?
DESC:def What is constructional grammar?
ENTY:instru What is a Ukulele?
DESC:def What is near-synonymy?
ENTY:body Where is the nerve?
ABBR:abb What does HDD store?
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of Ð in Icelandic?
NUM:other What is the number of insects?
NUM:count How many islands are there?
ENTY:word What is a synonym for begin?
ENTY:other What does a chairbound basophobic fear
HUM:gr What is a graduates?
LOC:country What is the capital of Brazil?
DESC:reason What causes crashes?
ENTY:other What does a pedometer measure
LOC:water What is the Atlantic?
LOC:city Whats the capital of Taiwan
DESC:def What is a blend word?
LOC:city What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa
NUM:count What is the number of hours in a day?
DESC:reason What causes degradation?
ENTY:currency What is the South Korean won?
ENTY:word What does inhibited mean?
HUM:ind Who found Hawaii
ENTY:veh What is a taxi?
DESC:desc How is distance described remotely?
ENTY:food What is nut oil?
LOC:state What is Florida known for?
ENTY:word What does evanescent mean?
NUM:volsize How big is the Moon compared to Earth?
HUM:title What is a Analyst?
ENTY:veh List 20 fictional cars
ABBR:abb What does HR stand for?
HUM:desc How does an endocrinologist treat hormonal disorders?
ENTY:food What is a staple food?
ENTY:body What is the function of the adrenal glands?
NUM:period How long can food typically last in a freezer before quality degrades?
ENTY:color How does carotenoid coloration work?
NUM:money What is a new home price?
DESC:manner How do you measure earthquakes
NUM:code What is the HTML code for escape character?
ENTY:veh What is a scissor lift?
NUM:ord What is the fourth letter of the alphabet?
NUM:count Count the oceans
LOC:landmass What is Hokkaido?
DESC:def What is a pidgin?
ENTY:word What does subjugated mean?
ENTY:dismed What causes bronchitis?
HUM:ind Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds
NUM:weight what is your weight
HUM:desc Describe a typical doctor
NUM:period What is the legal age of marriage in most countries?
ABBR:abb What does GPS locate?
ABBR:exp Write out WiFi in full
ENTY:body Where is the intestine?
LOC:city What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847
ENTY:veh What is an airplane?
ABBR:abb In computing, OLED refers to what?
HUM:desc What is a anthropologist?
ABBR:exp What does DNA expand to?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of worms
ENTY:food How is spirits distilled?
NUM:date When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption
HUM:gr What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers
ABBR:exp ORM stands for what exactly?
ENTY:cremat Which comic strip was never turned into a Broadway musical
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Georgian alphabet have?
NUM:perc What percentage of food is grown organically?
ENTY:food What is powdered milk?
NUM:speed What is the speed of sound?
ENTY:symbol How is the # symbol used?
ENTY:religion What religion do Mormons follow?
ABBR:exp URL is short for what exactly?
NUM:other What is infinity?
ENTY:techmeth How does quantum computing function?
DESC:manner In what way do proofreaders correct?
HUM:ind Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials
ENTY:body Where is the hair?
LOC:mount Where are the Rocky Mountains
NUM:other What is the diving depth of a penguin?
ENTY:color How are colors mixed?
LOC:landmass What continent is Australia part of?
NUM:dist How far is London from Paris?
NUM:period How long does it take to cook a turkey at standard temperature?
ENTY:instru What is a accordion?
ENTY:substance What is acetone used for?
DESC:def How does cataphora work?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of dB?
DESC:manner How do dentists drill?
DESC:def What is a paragraph?
HUM:title What is a General?
ENTY:dismed How is asthma treated?
DESC:desc What captures mental processes?
ENTY:animal What animals can live the longest without food
ENTY:letter What is the last letter of the English alphabet?
HUM:gr Name the Marvel team loosely based on DCs Justice League of America
ENTY:currency What is the shekel?
DESC:reason What causes divorce?
ENTY:color How do cultural meanings differ?
LOC:state What is the largest city in Rhode Island?
ENTY:animal What is a crustacean?
ENTY:other What does a polyorchid man have at least three of
LOC:mount Which mountain range in North America stretches from Maine to Georgia
ENTY:color How do thin films create?
HUM:title How does a Principal lead?
ENTY:body What does the hand do?
ABBR:exp What does FBI expand to?
ENTY:food How is emmer processed?
ENTY:animal How do animals use tools?
DESC:def What do we mean by enzyme?
ENTY:word What is the shortest English word?
ABBR:exp What does BEN expand to?
ENTY:lang Which language has no gender?
HUM:desc What makes someone a good leader?
LOC:city Where is Phoenix?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation DNS
HUM:ind Who was George Washington?
ABBR:abb What does Gbps signify?
ENTY:word What is the correct plural of the word person?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for backspace?
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in Belarus?
ENTY:veh What is a all-terrain vehicle?
NUM:volsize What is the size of the earth?
ENTY:termeq Is home the same as residence?
LOC:state What French province is cognac produced in
ABBR:exp What do the letters in ROM stand for?
ENTY:religion How is Islam practiced?
LOC:other Where was the Ligurian Republic, 1797-185,
ENTY:sport What is rugby?
LOC:landmass Where is Scandinavia?
NUM:other How many emails are sent every second?
NUM:speed How quickly can a space shuttle travel during re-entry?
NUM:other What is the life expectancy of a dollar bill
DESC:desc How is technology described technically?
NUM:temp At what temperature does silver melt?
DESC:manner How do prisoners confinement?
ABBR:exp RCMP stands for what?
ENTY:letter What letter ends most English words?
ENTY:body How does digestion?
ENTY:lang What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux
DESC:desc What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood
LOC:landmass What continent is Canada part of?
HUM:gr Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market
DESC:manner How do musicians perform skillfully?
HUM:gr Who are the politicians?
ENTY:lang Where is Hungarian spoken?
ENTY:food Which is the most expensive spice in the world by weight
ENTY:sport What football bowl games first queen was Hallie Woods
LOC:country What continent is Mexico in?
ENTY:symbol What does the smiley face represent?
LOC:mount How high is Whitney?
ENTY:veh What is the horsepower of a Bugatti Veyron?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the baht?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the guilder?
LOC:country How are territorial waters defined?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to attorney?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of snowboarding?
ENTY:symbol What is the currency symbol for the euro?
DESC:def What are hook worms
NUM:speed How quickly can a sword be swung in expert fencing competition?
NUM:money How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent, with sides,
HUM:title What is a Patriarch?
NUM:date When was Hurricane Hugo
ENTY:other What is heritage?
ENTY:other What does a deltiologist collect
NUM:code What is the octal code for tab?
ENTY:animal What is a carnivore?
ENTY:veh How does a submarine work?
ENTY:plant What does a oats look like?
DESC:reason Why do earthquakes happen?
LOC:landmass What countries are in Antarctica?
DESC:reason Why do currencies exchange?
ENTY:event When did Woodstock occur?
ENTY:product What is Puma?
NUM:period How many minutes in an hour?
NUM:code What is the octal code for vertical tab?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population is left-handed?
ENTY:food Where does apple come from?
LOC:state How are prefectures administered?
ENTY:veh How does a blimp work?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a typical paperclip?
ENTY:animal How big is a whale?
ENTY:color What is color standardization?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of boxing?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of disease
HUM:gr Who are the students?
DESC:manner In what way do butchers cut?
DESC:manner How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower
NUM:count How many states in USA?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of ruin
ENTY:product Which headphones cancel noise best?
ENTY:animal What is a moose?
LOC:landmass Which continent is the driest?
ABBR:exp NSA stands for what exactly?
HUM:title How does a commander lead troops?
DESC:reason Why does leaves change color in fall?
HUM:ind Who discovered radium
ENTY:body What are antibodies?
HUM:ind How does a mathematician work?
ENTY:word How are articles used?
NUM:count How many calories are there in soy sauce
DESC:reason Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows
ENTY:other What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait
ABBR:abb What does CIA mean?
ENTY:plant What is a wheat?
ABBR:exp WiFi means what in full form?
LOC:city What country is New York in?
LOC:other How are sanctuaries?
ENTY:food What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth
NUM:period How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court
DESC:reason Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun
ENTY:animal How do animals eclose?
ENTY:instru What is the focal length of a standard lens?
ENTY:veh How many seats does a typical family sedan have?
ENTY:food How is catfish?
ABBR:abb What does SaaS stand for?
DESC:reason What is the reason we have hiccups?
ENTY:veh What is a cement mixer?
HUM:title What rank is Rector?
LOC:city What is the capital of Kosovo
ENTY:animal How do animals court?
HUM:desc Who was Red Grange
ENTY:plant What is a oak?
NUM:ord Who came in thirtieth place?
NUM:date When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan
HUM:desc What does a cinematographer do?
DESC:desc How is time described temporally?
ENTY:product What do you use a oven for?
DESC:manner How do engineers design systems?
NUM:date When did Amtrak begin operations
LOC:water Whats the longest river in Canada
ENTY:substance What are the properties of oxygen?
DESC:def What is the Amish religion
DESC:manner How do telephones work
ENTY:currency What is a crypto?
ENTY:word What is an antonym of good?
ENTY:animal What makes evolution gradual?
NUM:count How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged
ENTY:animal What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter
HUM:gr What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine
NUM:count What is the number of animals?
HUM:ind Tell me about Shakespeare
ABBR:exp What is UNICEF?
NUM:money How much money was the minimum wage in 1991
ENTY:animal What are filter feeders?
ENTY:animal What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as
ENTY:word How many syllables does the word agriculture have?
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a tutorial video?
DESC:desc What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lanterns ring
ABBR:exp What is an initialismm?
ENTY:cremat What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group
DESC:reason Why can t you taste anything when you have a cold
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of DNA?
ENTY:body Where is the bone?
ENTY:substance What is carbon dioxide used for?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths land is protected?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of India?
NUM:perc What percentage is the inflation rate?
LOC:landmass What is a cove?
ENTY:cremat What is funeral?
ENTY:instru How do you use a spoon?
ENTY:animal How do animals communicate?
DESC:desc Describe the Grand Canyon
NUM:money What is the cost of internet service?
NUM:money How much money are Dumbos ears insured for
HUM:ind Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export
HUM:title what is someone that writes software called
ENTY:event What was the Reformation?
DESC:reason What causes apostasy?
ENTY:veh How much cargo space does a Toyota Camry trunk have?
HUM:desc How does a engineer work?
ABBR:exp What does TON stand for?
NUM:weight How much does a professional baseball weigh?
LOC:city What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs
LOC:country In what country is Lund
DESC:desc What conveys affluence?
ENTY:plant Material called linen is made from what plant
ENTY:product What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba
NUM:date When was the womens suffrage amendment ratified
DESC:desc What conveys monetary imagery?
LOC:landmass What is Sicily?
ENTY:body How does bile emulsify?
DESC:reason What causes relativism?
DESC:reason Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed
ENTY:religion What do Scientology followers believe?
ENTY:dismed What is asthma?
ABBR:abb What does EQ refer to?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the euro?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the name Katie
ENTY:product What is the fastest computer
ABBR:exp What do the letters in TLS stand for?
HUM:ind What was the nickname of Frederick I, Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany
ENTY:body What is the only artery that carries blue blood from the heart to the lungs
LOC:city In Sinclair Lewis Main Street, what was the name of the typical American town
HUM:title How does a registrar function?
HUM:title What is her profession
NUM:ord Who came in twentieth place?
ENTY:veh How fast does a typical delivery drone travel?
NUM:speed what is the velocity of sound
ABBR:abb What does FAQ stand for?
ENTY:product What is a lamp made of?
ABBR:abb WHO is an abbreviation for what?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a pool?
NUM:period How many hours does a typical smartphone battery last?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a 40 kg child on Mars
LOC:city Tell me about Phoenix
ENTY:veh How does a canoe work?
HUM:desc Who was Abraham Lincoln
DESC:def How does sociolinguistics study?
DESC:reason What causes extinction?
DESC:def What do we mean by osmosis?
HUM:title What rank is Private?
DESC:manner How do makeup artists apply?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of New Zealand?
ENTY:food What is pizza made from?
ENTY:symbol What is the degree symbol symbol?
LOC:mount Where is K2?
NUM:period How many years did the American Civil War last?
ENTY:substance What did the ancients call the four great elements
ENTY:cremat Tell me about funeral
HUM:gr What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks
NUM:ord What is the second planet?
DESC:desc What are the rules to snow golf
LOC:state What is a borough?
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes at sign?
LOC:water Where is the Panama Canal?
ENTY:word What words in the English have two us back to back
NUM:speed How fast does a hummingbird fly?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body is fat?
HUM:gr What company markets a shampoo for brunettes only
LOC:mount Where is Andes Mountains?
NUM:date When was the internet invented?
HUM:ind Who created Maudie Frickett
NUM:other What is the speed of light?
ABBR:abb What does GUI display?
ABBR:abb What does UCD focus on?
ENTY:veh What is a salt spreader?
ENTY:event Tell me about the Olympics
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym PWA
LOC:city What state capital comes last alphabetically
ENTY:food What is the most radioactive food
LOC:city What county is Phoenix, AZ in
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in India?
NUM:period How old is the sun
ENTY:dismed How does arthritis affect joints?
DESC:def What is a run-on sentence?
LOC:state How are regions administered?
NUM:perc What percentage use the internet?
LOC:city What country is Toronto in?
ENTY:cremat What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts
ENTY:letter What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet
NUM:perc What percent of the human body is water?
NUM:perc What percentage are immigrants?
ENTY:other What is the longest major league baseball-winning streak
ENTY:product What is a headphones made of?
ENTY:techmeth What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes
LOC:country How are empires?
ENTY:termeq Whats the literary term for a play on words
ENTY:dismed What is amoxicillin used for?
LOC:landmass What island is home to statues called Mauis
NUM:date What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents
ENTY:dismed What is COVID-19?
ENTY:veh How long is a typical school bus?
LOC:country Tell me about Morocco
HUM:ind How does a architect contribute?
LOC:country What country, after Canada and Mexico, is closest to the U.S.
ENTY:body What are veins?
ENTY:food How are grains classified?
ENTY:letter What letter represents hydrogen on the periodic table?
ENTY:cremat What 2 statues did France give to other countries
NUM:date When are sheep shorn
HUM:desc Who was the first person on the Moon?
ENTY:animal What makes something a vertebrate?
ENTY:food What cereal goes snap, crackle, pop
ENTY:techmeth What is gene therapy?
ENTY:lang What is Arabic?
LOC:other What is Drew Barrymores email address
ENTY:lang How many people speak Danish?
NUM:weight How much does a cubic foot of lead weigh?
DESC:desc How is fear described fearfully?
ENTY:color if Stygian blue is a real color, what other Stygian colors exist
HUM:gr What do we call students?
ENTY:food What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated
ENTY:animal How do animals navigate?
HUM:gr Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in its history
NUM:perc What percentage of students passed the exam?
ABBR:abb What does UDP send?
ENTY:veh What is the typical lifespan of a vehicle transmission?
LOC:state What is a state?
NUM:speed How fast does a horse gallop?
ENTY:product What is Google Pixel?
ENTY:religion what was the religion of the roman republic
NUM:count What is the number of colours?
NUM:perc How much of the Amazon rainforest is estimated to disappear by 2050?
HUM:desc Describe a typical surgeon
LOC:country What is the capital of Greece?
NUM:date When did the invention of the printing press occur?
ENTY:word How many double letters are in success?
ENTY:food Where does cheese come from?
ENTY:plant What does a broccoli look like?
NUM:volsize How large is Lake Superior?
ENTY:food How is cake baked?
DESC:def How does voicing change?
NUM:date When was the telephone invented?
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Hong Kong?
DESC:def What are faults in the earths crust
ENTY:food Which is a real berry blackberry, cranberry, raspberry, strawberry
ABBR:exp What does POL represent?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Radio Frequency?
ENTY:techmeth How does computer vision see?
ENTY:techmeth How does 5G technology function?
ABBR:exp What does MEX expand to?
LOC:state What is the largest city in Wyoming?
ENTY:veh What is the fuel economy of a Subaru Outback?
ENTY:food How is sour cream?
ENTY:product How does a dryer function?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for dinar?
ENTY:sport What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879, eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881
DESC:def What is tumbled marble
ENTY:dismed What are all the different kinds of contraceptives
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Singapore?
ABBR:exp What is RAM in the computer
ENTY:lang What is the language of Iceland?
ENTY:dismed What is the fear of being loved
DESC:manner In what way do farmers cultivate?
DESC:reason What causes deflation?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Human-Computer Interaction?
NUM:perc How much is ocean?
ENTY:animal What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S.
ENTY:color What color is orange?
DESC:manner How does lightning travel
DESC:def What is backronym?
NUM:ord On which floor is your apartment
ENTY:other How are cultural events documented?
ENTY:symbol What is the euro sign symbol?
NUM:count Count the muscles in the body
LOC:mount Where is the Rocky Mountains?
DESC:def What is the Great Vowel Shift?
ENTY:instru What is the function of a potentiometer?
ENTY:event What concerts are held in New York this week
LOC:city Where is Los Angeles?
ENTY:event When did the moon landing occur?
NUM:weight What is the weight of all the paper used annually?
NUM:ord what paragraph is the longest
ENTY:body What is the function of the ear?
ENTY:food What is vegetable oil?
NUM:speed How fast can a Formula 1 car go?
DESC:def What do the names Neil, Mary, and Anthony mean
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Breton alphabet have?
HUM:gr Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university
NUM:ord What is the ordinal number for 100?
ENTY:religion What religion do Spiritualists follow?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of Mount Rushmores carved rock?
LOC:city What makes a region a city?
NUM:money How much does a house cost on average?
HUM:title Who wrote Pride and Prejudice?
ENTY:body Where is the skin?
ENTY:event What was the World Cup?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Logan?
ENTY:other What is history?
NUM:weight how many kg in a typical brick
ENTY:termeq What is another word for adolescent starting with t?
ENTY:color What is silver?
HUM:ind How does a scientist contribute?
ENTY:color How is white?
LOC:state What is Virginia known for?
HUM:ind What does a linguist do?
HUM:title Who directed Inception?
NUM:speed How fast can an ostrich run?
NUM:perc What percent of the world has access to clean water?
ENTY:sport What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfes The Pump House Gang
NUM:other How many islands are there?
ENTY:event How are sporting events conducted?
LOC:state How are zones administered?
ABBR:exp What does ISL stand for?
NUM:count How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix
ENTY:food How are grains grown?
ENTY:techmeth How does 3D printing work?
DESC:manner How can someone become a federal agent
ENTY:body How many alveoli are in the human lungs?
DESC:manner How does a rainbow form
ENTY:animal Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command
ENTY:plant Where do daisys grow?
ENTY:event What happened during the American Revolution?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Terabyte?
ENTY:cremat What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope
ENTY:animal What are omnivores?
ENTY:other What is anthropology?
DESC:def What do we mean by quantum?
LOC:city What city had a world fair in 1900
NUM:count How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia, built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US, produce
LOC:country Where is Italy?
NUM:period How long is the typical school day in most countries?
ENTY:religion What do Catholicism followers believe?
ENTY:color What colors is magenta made of
ENTY:animal Whats the only mammal that can t jump
NUM:temp What is the temperature on the Suns surface?
NUM:other How many days in a leap year?
ENTY:letter How many calligraphys are in English?
ENTY:termeq What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said I still can t believe it- we beat the Russians ?
DESC:reason What characteristics contribute to its intelligence
LOC:water What is the Atlantic Ocean?
LOC:mount What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered
ENTY:food How is cod?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of badminton?
DESC:desc How is decline described diminishingly?
DESC:desc What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10
DESC:def What does the name Melissa mean
HUM:title What does Larry King do for a living
ENTY:word What does pusillanimous mean?
LOC:country What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy
ENTY:currency Which country uses the won?
DESC:def How is an adverb used?
LOC:water What connects to the Arctic Ocean?
DESC:desc What is the Statue of Liberty like?
HUM:ind Who wrote Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree
NUM:date What date is Labor Day?
LOC:country What is a kingdom?
HUM:desc What is the role of a advisor?
HUM:desc What is a geriatrician?
LOC:water Where is the Persian Gulf?
ENTY:food What is watermelon made from?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation LCD
ABBR:exp Write out DNS in full
NUM:dist What is the length of the Great Wall of China?
ENTY:plant Which plant is known for nitrogen fixation?
LOC:country Where is Australia?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word, magic
NUM:period How long does it take different materials to decompose
ENTY:instru What is a microscope?
ENTY:dismed What is amoxicillin?
ENTY:event What is a festival?
ENTY:food What are dairy products?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Virtual Private Network?
HUM:title How does a consul serve?
ENTY:word What is another term for walk?
ENTY:food What is beef made from?
ABBR:exp What does TTO stand for?
NUM:period What is the average lifespan of a rabbit?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole
ENTY:food How are proteins classified?
ENTY:sport What sport is played on the largest field
NUM:money What is the average salary of a paleontologist
ENTY:animal What is the West Virginia state animal
NUM:count How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina
ENTY:color What is cyan?
ENTY:body How do reflex arcs work?
ABBR:exp What does HUN expand to?
DESC:desc How are values described ideologically?
DESC:desc Describe the Taj Mahal
DESC:def What does storm wave mean in Japanese
ENTY:word What does auspicious mean?
ENTY:food How is cinnamon?
ENTY:word What does recondite mean?
LOC:city What makes a township a city?
NUM:period How long is a rugby season?
ENTY:body How do sweat glands cool?
LOC:city What city does McCarren Airport serve
NUM:period How many minutes is an average commute?
ENTY:cremat What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist
NUM:period How many minutes does a news broadcast last?
ABBR:abb What does JPEG stand for?
ENTY:cremat What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design
NUM:count How many watts make a kilowatt
ENTY:termeq What is another word for dark starting with d?
NUM:perc What percentage of adults have a tattoo?
HUM:desc What does a nephrologist do?
ENTY:color what if your favorite colour
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of robbers
NUM:count How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament
HUM:ind Which of these are authors
NUM:other What is a matrix?
ENTY:cremat What program do I need to run atbk file
ENTY:color How do filters work?
NUM:other What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniels
LOC:water What connects to the Pacific Ocean?
HUM:desc What does an otolaryngologist specialize in?
NUM:ord How is hundredth written?
LOC:landmass What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med
NUM:date When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens
NUM:temp what is the temperature at the earths core
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Toronto?
NUM:count What is the number of states of Japan?
DESC:manner In what way do decorators arrange?
ENTY:techmeth How does neural network work?
ENTY:sport How is surfing played?
DESC:manner In what manner do writers compose?
ENTY:veh what was the nuclear-powered bus from the 1976 film The Big Bus called
ENTY:plant Where do oaks grow?
ENTY:plant What is a rye?
DESC:desc What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster
DESC:reason Why do people get calluses
NUM:other What is the population of Kansas
ENTY:instru What tool measures electrical current?
ENTY:cremat What is an urn?
ENTY:instru What tool measures water flow?
LOC:mount What country has Mount Aconcagua?
ENTY:cremat What is the largest sculpture in the world
NUM:count What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a human kidney?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of parasites
ENTY:symbol What is the chemical symbol for oxygen?
ABBR:exp What does UKR represent?
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Peru?
ENTY:dismed What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients
LOC:city What city did the Flintstones live in
NUM:code What is the binary code for space character?
LOC:landmass What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar, meaning shallow water
ENTY:body How do villi absorb?
ENTY:food What is mutton?
ENTY:food Where does butter come from?
LOC:other What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now
LOC:city What is Houston?
HUM:ind Who was actress June Havocs legendary sister
ENTY:lang What is Turkish known for?
ENTY:dismed What is a syndrome?
NUM:date On what day is New Years Day?
ENTY:symbol What is the chemical symbol for sodium?
ENTY:dismed How does malaria spread?
DESC:manner How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast
NUM:speed How fast does a cheetah accelerate?
LOC:state What is the largest city in Alaska?
LOC:water What is the largest lake in North America
HUM:gr What is Pittsburghs baseball team called
DESC:def What is an accent?
NUM:weight How much does the earth weigh?
ENTY:color Stygian colors are dark and supersaturated. For example,stygian blue may be seen by staring at bright yellow and then looking at black. The normal afterimage is dark blue. When viewed against black, the resulting blue is as dark as black, yet colored. Does stygian white also exist
NUM:count How many mountains are there?
NUM:volsize How large is the Kalahari Desert?
ENTY:animal What makes domestication transformative?
ENTY:other What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport
ENTY:animal Which mammal lives, breeds, eats, and sleeps underground
NUM:money How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993
ENTY:currency What is the pound?
ENTY:animal What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24, 1975
LOC:city What is the snowiest city in the U.S.
LOC:country What country was Hitler the chancellor of
ENTY:animal What animals tail is called a brush
LOC:landmass What is a grassland?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures radiation?
ENTY:animal What makes crawling effective?
DESC:desc What conveys conversational tone?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures glucose level?
ENTY:lang What is Japanese?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym SSD
DESC:manner What is the method for learn a language?
ENTY:food What is pepper?
DESC:def What is dew point
ENTY:veh How does a combine harvester work?
ABBR:exp What does ROU expand to?
ENTY:other What constitutes a living tradition?
LOC:water What river flows past the Temple of Karnak
ENTY:color How is lime created?
NUM:speed how slow does a turtle move
DESC:def How does rule ordering work?
DESC:def How is a verb used?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for infant starting with b?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal for 1?
ENTY:veh What is the horsepower of a typical diesel engine in a truck?
ENTY:dismed How is Parkinsons disease treated?
HUM:desc Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in
DESC:manner How is it correct to say qigong
ENTY:techmeth How does decision trees work?
NUM:money How much does a vacation cost?
ENTY:color How is brown created?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for symbol @?
ENTY:veh What is a hydrofoil?
ENTY:dismed What causes chickenpox?
ENTY:food What was the main dish at Medieval Christmas feasts
ENTY:currency How many yuan are in a dollar?
ENTY:color What is jade?
NUM:count How many verses are in the Bible
DESC:manner In what way do neurologists test?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of food
DESC:reason What causes prion diseases?
NUM:volsize How many cubic units
ENTY:dismed What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula 6, 6, 12 in its ads
ENTY:color What is melanism?
ENTY:techmeth What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace
ENTY:instru What tool measures seismic waves?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for letter A?
HUM:title What rank is Queen?
NUM:dist What is the distance between Atlantic and Pacific?
NUM:count What is the number of planets?
ENTY:sport What is the most popular sport in Japan
ENTY:body What is the kidney?
LOC:city What city is sometimes called Gotham
NUM:count Count the sides of a die
ENTY:plant Where do ryes grow?
ENTY:veh How many wheels does an 18-wheeler tractor-trailer have?
ENTY:word What is a word that sounds like another word?
ENTY:food How is rice cultivated?
NUM:weight The whole loaded train weighs 360 tons. It has twenty wagons, each carrying 12 tons of grain. What is the weight of the locomotive
NUM:count How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry
DESC:manner How do you determine heating requirements for your home
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a movie trailer?
ENTY:color What are religious colors?
NUM:code What does error code E301 mean in web?
NUM:code What is the ISBN prefix for books?
ENTY:body What is the function of the vein?
ENTY:substance What is a softball made of
ENTY:veh What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships
HUM:gr What companys trademark was His Masters Voice
ENTY:body Where is the ear?
DESC:def How does polysemy arise?
NUM:date When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio
DESC:desc How is religion described spiritually?
ENTY:veh How does a submarine dive?
NUM:ord Chronologically speaking, which child are you
DESC:def What is an article?
LOC:country What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poes The Pit and the Pendulum
LOC:other What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in
ABBR:exp What does the abbreviation SOS mean
ABBR:exp What does LKA expand to?
NUM:other How many countries are in the United Nations?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym pH
ENTY:food What is Beef?
DESC:desc How do writers describe character appearance?
ABBR:exp HR stands for what?
LOC:landmass Where is Balkan Peninsula?
LOC:country What countrys national passenger rail system is called Via
DESC:manner In what way do neuroscientists map?
NUM:period What is the typical age of kindergarten entry?
ENTY:other What defines a world heritage site?
NUM:temp At what temperature does wood begin to ignite?
ENTY:currency What money was used here
NUM:weight How much does a dice weigh?
DESC:desc What do you do when your mouse is nt working as fast as its supposed to
NUM:temp At what temperature does mercury freeze?
ENTY:techmeth What is NLP?
DESC:def How does convergence function?
ENTY:word What is another word for diet
ENTY:symbol What does the yin-yang represent?
ENTY:termeq What is the term for a group of geese
ENTY:color What color is red?
ENTY:word How are prepositions used?
NUM:perc What percentage are middle-aged?
DESC:manner In what manner do cashiers ring?
ENTY:instru What device measures heart rate?
HUM:ind When Mighty Mouse was conceived, what was his original name
DESC:manner How do you buy stocks
ABBR:exp What do the letters in SSD stand for?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym NATO
LOC:landmass What is a valley?
ENTY:food How are leafy greens?
LOC:country What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains
ENTY:cremat What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times
NUM:ord Where does the letter C come in alphabetical order
ENTY:instru What is a thermometer?
ABBR:exp What does MLT represent?
NUM:perc What percentage of pets are adopted?
ABBR:exp Write out VPN in full
ENTY:word What is a synonym for quiet?
HUM:ind Who says, If you don t look good, we don t look good
DESC:def What do we mean by analogy?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for iron on the periodic table?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Read-Only Memory?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of boiling milk?
NUM:dist how deep is marianas trench
NUM:count How many time zones exist?
ENTY:veh How long is the cargo bed of a pickup truck?
ENTY:other What is Ray Bradburys illustrated man illustrated with
DESC:desc Tell me about the Colosseum
LOC:city Where is Rome?
LOC:country Where is Greece?
ENTY:color What is the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis?
ABBR:abb What does CRUD stand for?
LOC:landmass Which continent has the Congo rainforest?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Canada?
HUM:desc Who was Jane Goodall
HUM:ind What English queen had seventeen children
ABBR:exp What does PLW stand for?
NUM:ord what position is filho da puta in
ENTY:lang What is Dutch known for?
ENTY:symbol What is the cross symbol?
NUM:money What is the average salary in the US?
LOC:landmass Where is Balkans?
ABBR:exp What does IRE expand to?
HUM:desc What does an oncologist specialize in?
NUM:ord what place did you end up in the race
ENTY:letter What letter is silent in gnome?
NUM:temp What temperature is considered heat stroke?
LOC:state What state in the U.S. has the most blacks
NUM:date What year did Hitler die
HUM:title What is a Secretary?
DESC:manner What is the way to cook pasta?
ENTY:veh How fast can a snowmobile travel at maximum speed?
ABBR:abb ORM is an abbreviation for what?
ENTY:food How is mackerel?
ENTY:religion How many Orthodox Christians are there?
ENTY:techmeth How does blockchain function?
DESC:desc What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested
NUM:dist How far is London and Paris?
ENTY:animal How do animals solve problems?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human heart is muscular tissue?
ABBR:exp What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington, D.C.
NUM:dist How far is New York from Istanbul?
HUM:desc What is a radiologist?
ENTY:word What does defeated mean?
NUM:date When did CNN go on the air
ENTY:symbol What is the dollar sign symbol?
HUM:desc What defines a successful person?
ENTY:animal Which animal has the Strongest Bite in the Animal Kingdom
LOC:country What country is the origin of the band the Creeps
ENTY:instru What tool measures energy?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of nitrogen?
ENTY:symbol What is the # symbol?
ENTY:food How is oats processed?
ENTY:veh What is an ATV?
LOC:landmass On which supercontinent did therapsids walk
ENTY:animal What makes metamorphosis necessary?
ENTY:food Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym ORM
NUM:temp What is the temperature inside a freezer?
ENTY:letter What is an alphabet?
ENTY:veh What is a drone?
LOC:landmass What is an isthmus?
LOC:landmass What is a gorge?
ENTY:animal What animal is pregnant for the shortest time
NUM:other What is the population of Mozambique
ENTY:other What is Nebraskas most valuable resource
DESC:manner In what way do immigrants integrate?
ENTY:word What does benevolent mean?
NUM:perc What percentage of votes did they receive?
LOC:other What is the website for the USA journal
ENTY:food How do nightshades form?
ENTY:veh How many wheels does a tricycle have?
NUM:code What is the binary code for digit 5?
ENTY:body Where is the arm?
ENTY:dismed What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child, in 1853
NUM:count Count the religions
LOC:country What European country boasts the city of Furth, found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge
NUM:dist how high is mount everest
ENTY:termeq Is doctor the same as physician?
ENTY:techmeth What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper
NUM:volsize What is the size of the largest akita
ENTY:other How are monuments built?
NUM:weight what is your body mass
ENTY:religion What religious family do you belong to or identify yourself most close to
LOC:landmass What is Borneo?
ENTY:cremat In what film did Steven Spielbergs dog star as the main characters dog
DESC:desc Tell me about the Taj Mahal
ENTY:lang What is Greek?
NUM:other How many mammal species are there?
DESC:def What is federal income tax
ENTY:color What color is a blueberry?
NUM:date What was the last year that the Chicago Cubs won the World Series
NUM:dist How long is Camptown Racetrack
LOC:landmass What island group is Guadalcanal a part of
NUM:weight How many pounds are there in a stone
DESC:desc What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll
ENTY:product What is a desk made of?
ENTY:food How is sorghum used?
DESC:def How would you define encryption?
HUM:ind Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold
LOC:other What imaginary line is halfway between the North and South Poles
ENTY:event What was the Cold War?
ABBR:abb In computing, DNS refers to what?
ABBR:abb What does SCUBA stand for?
DESC:manner In what way do birds fly?
DESC:reason Why do oceans circulate?
ENTY:food What is poultry?
ENTY:religion What is a spiritual belief system?
ENTY:word How are modifiers used?
NUM:dist How far is London from Bangkok?
ENTY:animal How do animals regulate temperature?
ENTY:product What first-aid product Helps the hurt stop hurting
NUM:temp What is the melting point of tungsten?
ENTY:symbol What does the skull and crossbones represent?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Graphics Processing Unit?
ENTY:color What are ommochromes?
NUM:code What does error code E400 mean in web?
LOC:landmass What countries are in Asia?
ENTY:body How many bones comprise the skeleton?
ENTY:instru How does an organ work?
NUM:period What is the typical length of a short story?
ENTY:animal How do animals sense electricity?
ENTY:instru What device measures water turbidity?
LOC:city What is the largest city in the U.S.
DESC:def What is the definition of irony?
ENTY:animal What defines a territory?
NUM:weight Barrel of oil weighs 283 kg. When it mold 26% oil, weighed 216 kg. What is the mass of the empty barrel
NUM:temp What is the average body temperature
NUM:speed How fast can a cheetah run?
ENTY:veh What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers
ENTY:body What is the function of the spine?
NUM:money How much does a bicycle cost?
ENTY:product What is Apple Watch?
LOC:city What Georgia town did Scarlett O Hara condemn as being full of pushy people
ENTY:religion What do Shinto followers believe?
ENTY:food What is miso?
HUM:title what do you call a person that works in the ISS
ENTY:body How does the parathyroid regulate calcium?
DESC:manner How do crocheters hook?
NUM:code What does error code 301 mean?
ENTY:product How does a printer work?
DESC:def What is schema in cognition?
ENTY:veh What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor, causing the Spanish-American war
ENTY:body What two body parts grow all your life
ENTY:sport What four tournaments make up tennis Grand Slam
ENTY:cremat What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle
ENTY:religion What is Sikhism based on?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym USB
ENTY:cremat What is the first book of the Old Testament
DESC:def What are capers
HUM:gr How is a team assembled?
HUM:ind Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage
ENTY:body How do alveoli exchange gas?
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox
NUM:period What is the average time to kiss somene
ENTY:veh How many cooling fins are on a motorcycle radiator?
LOC:state What is a sector?
ABBR:exp What does PYF represent?
ENTY:plant What is a moss?
ENTY:veh What is an excavator?
NUM:period How long is an NHL season?
ENTY:color How is navy formed?
DESC:def What is nanotechnology
NUM:code what is dads number
ENTY:color What color is black?
NUM:date When was the steam engine invented?
LOC:state Where is Illinois?
LOC:mount How tall is Puncak?
ENTY:termeq What are darning needles and horse stingers better known as
LOC:mount Which mountain is the highest in New Zealand?
ENTY:lang What is Hindi known for?
ENTY:dismed What is hemophilia?
DESC:reason Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War
NUM:date When does menstruation begin
NUM:volsize How large is the Indian Ocean?
DESC:manner How do students study?
HUM:desc What is a gastroenterologist?
ENTY:product How does a microwave function?
HUM:desc Who is Robin Williams
LOC:mount What is New Englands highest mountain
NUM:other How fast can a cheetah run?
NUM:money How much does a dozen eggs cost?
ENTY:animal What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about
ENTY:color What is ornamental color?
ENTY:veh How fast can a high-speed train travel?
ENTY:currency How is value stored?
NUM:dist What is the width of the Atlantic?
ENTY:other How are humans observed?
LOC:landmass Which continent is Argentina on?
NUM:period How old is Bernadette Peters
ENTY:product What does the Peugeot company manufacture
ABBR:exp What does CAF expand to?
ABBR:abb What does ROM store?
DESC:manner How do editors revise?
ABBR:exp What does TCD stand for?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym RF
ABBR:exp VPN is short for what exactly?
ENTY:substance How is magnesium used?
LOC:city Where is Milan
NUM:temp What temperature do most bacteria die at when heated?
DESC:manner In what way do philosophers ponder?
ENTY:event What events happened January 26, 1978
NUM:speed What is the speed of something moving?
NUM:speed How fast does a falcon dive?
ENTY:cremat What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeils possession by the devil
NUM:speed What is the cruising speed of a commercial airliner?
ENTY:dismed How is bronchitis treated?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of sinning
DESC:manner In what manner do commuters rush?
DESC:desc How are phenomena explained scientifically?
LOC:landmass How are basins?
HUM:title What is a Mayor?
ENTY:techmeth How does facial recognition work?
LOC:city What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K, O, O, T and Y
LOC:city What city is KDGE Radio located in
ENTY:event What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutters Mill
ENTY:lang How many people speak Italian?
LOC:water Where is the Pacific?
NUM:ord What is Salazars number in the order of portuguese rulers
DESC:manner How do chickens have baby chicks
NUM:code How is UTF-8 encoded?
ENTY:plant What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise
ENTY:plant What plant produces natural pesticides?
DESC:desc Where does the expression cloud nine come from
HUM:desc What is a surgeon?
ENTY:plant Where do squashs grow?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the dollar?
ENTY:word What is a synonym for beautiful?
NUM:dist How far is it from London to Paris?
DESC:desc Where did the term 86ed come from
ENTY:cremat What is a funeral director?
NUM:temp At what temperature does helium boil?
ENTY:dismed What does a topophobic actor suffer from
HUM:gr What cable network bills itself as the family entertainer
LOC:water What lake is the source of the White Nile
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Infrastructure as a Service?
ENTY:lang What language uses tones for meaning?
ENTY:other How are fossils preserved in museums?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Associate Justice?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for bell?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds oil reserves are in the Middle East?
ENTY:techmeth How does blue-green deployment function?
ENTY:product What is a microwave made of?
ENTY:veh How thick is car sheet metal?
LOC:city The Orange Bowl is in what city
ENTY:body What are intercostal muscles?
LOC:state What is Georgia known for?
ENTY:event When did the 2008 financial crisis occur?
LOC:mount Where is Snowdon?
LOC:landmass What is Southeast Asia?
NUM:count How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year
HUM:gr What defines a team?
ENTY:lang What is Chinese known for?
ENTY:religion what religions believe in heaven
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Russia?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to infant?
NUM:code What is the barcode structure?
DESC:desc What captures backward movement?
DESC:reason Why do pharmacists work on raised floors
HUM:ind Who delivered his last newscast on March 6, 1981
ENTY:dismed What causes flu?
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym LCD
DESC:desc How are transformations described changeably?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for letter A?
DESC:reason Why do values matter?
ENTY:veh What is the horsepower rating of a Chevrolet Corvette Z06?
DESC:desc What are the lyrics to Smelly Cat
ENTY:body What is the function of the intestine?
DESC:def What is a hyphen used for?
ENTY:body What is the spinal cord?
NUM:weight How much does a newborn baby typically weigh?
DESC:manner In what manner do luthiers construct?
DESC:desc How are settings depicted in literature?
NUM:speed How fast does a sailfish swim?
ENTY:animal How do animals sense?
ENTY:animal How do animals walk?
DESC:manner How do I do this
HUM:title What is a Judge?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for tab?
DESC:manner In what way do bureaucrats process?
ENTY:body How does the tongue move?
HUM:gr How are delegations?
LOC:other What planet gave bith to Superman
NUM:other How many oceans?
ENTY:body How does the pancreas help?
DESC:reason Why do families stick together?
HUM:desc What makes a great musician?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Turkish?
DESC:desc Describe the Amazon River
LOC:mount What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States
ENTY:termeq What is another word for happy starting with j?
ENTY:veh How does a scooter move?
ENTY:instru What tool measures acceleration?
NUM:date When did the last Americans leave Vietnam
ENTY:animal What makes animals solitary?
DESC:manner In what way do humans communicate?
ENTY:product What do you use a lamp for?
LOC:state What is the largest city in Massachusetts?
DESC:desc How is wealth described luxuriously?
LOC:country Where is Hungary?
LOC:state What U.S. state records the least rainfall
ENTY:veh How far can electric vehicles travel on a charge?
HUM:desc What is a cinematographer?
ENTY:product What is a camera made of?
ENTY:techmeth What technique analyzes DNA?
LOC:mount What is the height of Appalachian Mountains?
ENTY:religion What religion is Pentecostalism?
ENTY:food Where does juice come from?
ENTY:product What is a computer?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population voted?
LOC:water What is the length of the Amazon?
LOC:water What is the deepest sea?
HUM:title Who holds the title of King?
ENTY:letter What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain
ENTY:dismed How is arthritis treated?
DESC:desc Can you describe a black hole?
NUM:count How many words are there in the Spanish language
ABBR:abb What does VPN stand for?
ENTY:event What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815
NUM:code what is the number that unlocks the vault
ENTY:termeq What is the dot on an the letter i called
ENTY:letter How many consonants does the Polish alphabet have?
HUM:desc Describe a typical chef
ABBR:abb What is meant by CPU?
ENTY:symbol Where is the yin-yang symbol used?
NUM:period How many years ago was the Declaration of Independence signed?
NUM:period How many years of experience are needed to be a master craftsman?
ABBR:abb pH is an abbreviation for what?
ENTY:animal How do animals respond to stimuli?
ENTY:symbol What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign
ENTY:body What is the function of the nose?
ABBR:abb What does FDA stand for?
ENTY:animal What is a penguin?
ABBR:exp What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for
LOC:mount What is the height of Rocky Mountains?
ENTY:animal What makes digging useful?
NUM:period What is the average age of first marriage globally?
DESC:manner In what way do tutors explain?
DESC:desc What do Mormons believe
NUM:date When was America discovered?
ENTY:body How do muscles contract?
NUM:date What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx
LOC:landmass What continent is Bolivia on
ENTY:color How is white created?
DESC:desc How are resolutions described conclusively?
ENTY:lang Name a Sioux language
NUM:volsize What size is a standard parking space?
DESC:def What do suffixes do?
NUM:volsize What is cubic capacity?
ENTY:cremat How does a wake tradition work?
ENTY:color What is split complementary?
HUM:gr Who are the believers?
NUM:period How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth
NUM:period How many years was the Cold War?
ENTY:instru What tool measures radioactivity?
DESC:reason Why do laws exist?
DESC:desc Where did marijuana come from
ENTY:plant What does a rice look like?
ENTY:termeq Is ill the same as sick?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the pound?
ABBR:exp USB means what in full form?
HUM:desc What distinguishes an expert?
ENTY:other How are ancient structures studied?
NUM:weight How much does an ounce weigh in grams?
ENTY:food What is pasta?
ENTY:other What were Baffin, Frobisher and Franklin looking for
ENTY:dismed What is diabetes?
NUM:period What is the legal age of adulthood in most countries?
ENTY:currency How are coins minted?
LOC:water How salty is the North Sea?
ENTY:body How many layers does the dermis have?
ENTY:instru How many drum heads does a timpani have?
NUM:count How many small businesses are there in the United States
ENTY:product Which webcam has HD quality?
HUM:title What is Steve Rogerss profession when hes not Captain America
LOC:country What continent is Algeria in?
ENTY:techmeth What is hydroponic farming?
ENTY:word What is the correct plural of octopus?
ENTY:animal What breed of dog was the Little Rascals dog
DESC:reason Why do climates change?
HUM:title Who composed Eine kleine Nachtmusik?
HUM:title What rank is Captain?
NUM:count Count the days in a year
LOC:city What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World
LOC:landmass Which continent is India part of?
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in Czech Republic?
ENTY:body Which ear can most people hear better with
DESC:def What is a conditional clause?
NUM:perc What percentage of adults experience this?
ENTY:word What is the most common vowel in English?
ENTY:food How are oysters?
ENTY:sport What card game has variations called Canfield, Klondike and Spider
NUM:volsize How large is the United States?
DESC:def How do language contacts occur?
ENTY:instru How many keys does a harmonica have?
NUM:dist How far is the North Pole from the equator?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of gravity
DESC:reason What caused the Titanic to sink
DESC:def How does consonant shift work?
LOC:country Where is Egypt?
DESC:manner How does James Bond like his martinis
LOC:water Where is the Caspian Sea?
ENTY:event What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News
NUM:other What is the market cap of Bitcoin?
NUM:ord What is the thirteenth letter of the alphabet?
HUM:title What is a Director?
ENTY:product What is AirPods?
NUM:money How much does a movie ticket cost?
ENTY:dismed What is dengue?
ENTY:techmeth How does gene therapy work?
ABBR:abb What does dB stand for?
DESC:manner How do cartographers map?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Cook?
NUM:code What is binary encoding?
ENTY:techmeth How does DNA sequencing work?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a human tooth?
ENTY:color What is navy?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for delete?
NUM:other What is the population of Nigeria
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a tuning fork?
NUM:period How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean
ENTY:food How is cream?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Thailand?
ENTY:dismed How is dengue treated?
ENTY:termeq What do we call till in other words?
LOC:landmass Which continent is New Zealand part of?
ENTY:food Where does yogurt come from?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym DNA
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes plus?
NUM:code What is the octal code for null?
LOC:city What is the capital of Yugoslavia
NUM:code What is the HTML code for vertical tab?
NUM:date When will the millennium officially begin
ENTY:animal What makes scent marking effective?
DESC:def What is antecedent?
LOC:mount Where is Cascade Range?
ENTY:cremat How is body identification performed?
ENTY:body Which of the digestive organ absorbs the nutrients of food and passes them into the bloodstream
LOC:water How salty is the Atlantic Ocean?
NUM:perc What percentage of animals are vertebrates?
NUM:code What does error code E506 mean in web?
ENTY:termeq What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds
HUM:desc How does a coordinator work?
DESC:desc What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered
ENTY:animal What is a cheetah?
ENTY:cremat What is a crematory?
ENTY:food What is candy?
HUM:ind Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf
NUM:perc What percentage of elderly people?
ABBR:exp Hz stands for what exactly?
LOC:mount Write some examples of fault-block mountains
ENTY:food What is an antioxidant?
ENTY:body What is the circulatory system?
ENTY:sport What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation RAM
ENTY:symbol How is the % symbol used?
LOC:country Tell me about South Korea
HUM:gr What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze
ENTY:food What beer advertised that it had three rings
NUM:temp What is the temperature of the moons surface?
ENTY:other What monastery was raided by Vikings in the late eighth century
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Greek alphabet have?
NUM:perc What percentage of the genome is coding DNA?
LOC:country What continent is China in?
NUM:temp How cold should a refrigerator be
ENTY:sport What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvels Earth
ABBR:exp What does NSA expand to?
ENTY:product What do you use a airplane for?
ENTY:body What are lymphoid organs?
ENTY:sport What is cycling?
ENTY:dismed How is whooping cough treated?
DESC:def What is the coppertop battery
ENTY:veh How many cylinder configurations exist in modern vehicles?
LOC:city What is Chicago?
LOC:city What were the cities of Dickenss A Tale of Two Cities
ABBR:abb What does URL identify?
ABBR:exp What does NPL stand for?
ABBR:exp DNA stands for what exactly?
ENTY:body How do female reproductive organs?
ENTY:other How do historians authenticate artifacts?
HUM:ind What did Shakespeare do?
ENTY:color What color is Chablis
ENTY:color is the ocean blue or green
NUM:count What is the population of India?
ENTY:symbol What is the pound sign symbol?
HUM:gr What are the three most successful companies of our time
LOC:landmass What is Eurasia?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of hockey?
ENTY:techmeth How does nanotechnology function?
LOC:country What is the capital of Japan?
NUM:perc What percentage of the brain is used for conscious thought?
HUM:title What is a Provost?
ENTY:color What is a common coral item?
ENTY:cremat What is memorial service?
ENTY:food What is soy sauce?
DESC:manner How do you identify prime numbers
NUM:dist How far is London from Mexico City?
ENTY:techmeth What is the method for nuclear fusion?
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Mexico City?
NUM:period How many days does an event permit last?
ENTY:color How is magenta created?
LOC:city What European capital celebrated its 2, 000th anniversary in 1951
HUM:gr Who are the activists?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for line feed?
HUM:gr What is a citizens?
ENTY:color How do color trends emerge?
NUM:dist How far out is the universe
ENTY:veh How does a trailer work?
ENTY:food What is Nero Wolfes favorite drink during office hours
ENTY:lang What is the main language of Sao Paulo, Brazil
ENTY:word What does exoteric mean?
NUM:date When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish
ENTY:sport What is high jump?
ENTY:termeq What do the French call La Manche
DESC:manner How do blacksmiths hammer?
ABBR:exp What does XKX represent?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the franc?
NUM:ord What is the eleventh planet?
LOC:city How are communities?
ENTY:religion Which religion follows the Bible?
LOC:landmass What is Iceland?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Graphical User Interface?
HUM:title Who holds the title of General?
ENTY:animal How do herbivores digest food?
DESC:desc Can you describe a supernova?
LOC:city Whats the oldest capital city in the Americas
LOC:landmass Which continent has the largest desert?
NUM:ord What is the tenth rank?
ABBR:exp PS stands for what?
DESC:def What do we mean by democracy?
ENTY:veh How does a cargo ship work?
ABBR:abb What does TV stand for?
DESC:def What do we mean by synecdoche?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Electromagnetic Interference?
NUM:period How long is a millennium?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of points
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical motorway?
DESC:desc What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens
LOC:country Where is Japan?
ABBR:exp What does BDI expand to?
ENTY:food What is cream?
DESC:desc What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company
ENTY:event Tell me about Coachella
DESC:manner How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt
NUM:code Why do credit card numbers always have specific lengths?
DESC:desc Can you describe the Sahara Desert?
ENTY:instru What tool measures pressure?
ENTY:other What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste
ENTY:sport How is snowboarding played?
ABBR:exp What does BVT represent?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a human hair?
DESC:reason Why do kelp forests sway?
HUM:desc Who was Lacan
ENTY:sport How is table tennis played?
ENTY:veh How does a maglev train work?
DESC:desc What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia
ENTY:color What is chlorophyll?
ENTY:color What is synesthesia?
ENTY:plant What does a elm look like?
ENTY:plant What is the most widely cultivated plant
NUM:speed How fast does a dog run?
NUM:dist How far is London from Mumbai?
DESC:def What is shortening?
NUM:other How many letters in the alphabet?
LOC:city Tell me about Athens
ENTY:color What is total internal reflection?
ABBR:abb EPA is an abbreviation for what?
DESC:manner How is Answers.com funded
ENTY:dismed What is measles?
NUM:date When is Labor Day?
NUM:ord What is your place in the birth order of girls born to your parents
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of PWA?
ENTY:animal What makes weapons adaptive?
ENTY:body How many organs exist?
LOC:state What is the largest city in Maine?
ENTY:color What is color marketing?
ENTY:food What foods contain vitamin B12
NUM:speed How fast does a tennis serve travel at the professional level?
HUM:ind Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie, The Godfather
ABBR:abb What does NATO stand for?
ENTY:animal What makes leaping useful?
ENTY:body What does the finger do?
ENTY:word What is a palindrome?
NUM:other How many movies are on Netflix?
LOC:city Tell me about Cairo
LOC:country What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites
NUM:ord Whats the chronological number of Joe Biden as a president of America
NUM:count How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team
NUM:perc How much is nitrogen?
ENTY:word How many letters does supercalifragilistic have?
DESC:def What is Nine Inch Nails
NUM:money What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000
ENTY:food Where does salmon come from?
DESC:desc Where did the term fireplug come from
ENTY:instru What is a violin used for?
ENTY:body What is the thickness of human fingernails?
ENTY:animal What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands
HUM:desc What does a orthopedist do?
ENTY:body What does the vein do?
ENTY:veh What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles
ENTY:veh What is a street sweeper?
HUM:ind What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations
DESC:desc How is abundance described profusely?
ENTY:cremat What is the purpose of wake?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Mexico?
LOC:country How is a kingdom governed?
ENTY:veh What is a ski lift?
ENTY:food What are oil sources?
NUM:money How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959
NUM:temp What is the temperature today
ENTY:termeq What do we call physician in other words?
ENTY:termeq The Jewish alphabet is called what
ABBR:abb What does AWOL mean in the military?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee
NUM:perc What percentage of the market is this?
ENTY:symbol What is the peace sign symbol?
DESC:def How does stylistic variation work?
ENTY:food How is pepper grown?
DESC:desc What captures belief systems?
DESC:def What is power in discourse?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of lightnings core plasma channel?
ENTY:instru What is the function of a prism?
LOC:water What river is Windsor Castle on
LOC:mount What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers
LOC:country What is Stefan Edbergs native country
NUM:count How many countries exist?
DESC:manner How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle
NUM:period How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature
LOC:landmass what supercontinent existed during the late Paleozoic and early Mesozoic eras
LOC:mount What is the height of Mount Kilimanjaro?
LOC:state What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north
ENTY:symbol what symbol identifies the uruk-hai of Saruman
ENTY:word What does restrained mean?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for krona?
NUM:period At what age did Rossini stop writing opera
LOC:landmass What countries are in Australia?
NUM:count What is the number of states?
ENTY:other What is a cultural artifact?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Command-Line Interface?
ENTY:animal What makes escape behavior vital?
NUM:count How many islands does the Philippines have?
NUM:period How long do you have to live in a community to vote
DESC:def What is nature vs nurture in language?
NUM:dist The length of the shadow of a vertical tower on level ground increases by 10 metres when the altitude of the sun changes from 45° to 30°. tell me the height of the tower
NUM:count How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have
ENTY:lang What is Portuguese known for?
DESC:def How do dialects differ?
DESC:manner In what manner do divers plunge?
NUM:temp The suns core, what is the temperature
ENTY:other What is the sales tax in Minnesota
LOC:mount What country has Sierra Nevada?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure?
HUM:gr What chain store is headquartered in Bentonville, Arkansas
DESC:manner How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing
NUM:code What does error code 505 mean?
ABBR:exp REST stands for what exactly?
DESC:def How do quotation marks function?
NUM:count What is the area of Russia?
NUM:volsize How large is a typical refrigerator?
HUM:title What is a Associate Justice?
ENTY:product What is Hot Wheels?
LOC:landmass What continent is Egypt in?
ENTY:veh What is a cement truck?
HUM:desc What is a journalist?
ABBR:exp What does LIE stand for?
ENTY:color What is color philosophy?
ENTY:color How are colors used commercially?
NUM:date When do you plant winter wheat
HUM:ind Who was Samuel Johnsonss friend and biographer
NUM:temp at what temperature does water boil
NUM:date When was the printing press invented?
NUM:code What is the serial number format?
ENTY:food How is olive oil made?
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a renovation project?
ABBR:abb What does IMAP access?
HUM:ind Tell me about Albert Einstein
ENTY:body How does the cervix change?
LOC:country Which country did Hitler rule
NUM:code What does error code E505 mean in web?
HUM:title How does a Manager lead?
ENTY:veh What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus
NUM:other What is a perfect number?
ENTY:color How are tertiary colors formed?
HUM:gr What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden
ABBR:exp What does SLE stand for?
NUM:date When did beethoven die
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for International Business Machines?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to elderly?
DESC:def What is speech act theory?
ENTY:body What is the muscular system?
DESC:manner How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money
ENTY:instru What is the lowest note a bass can sing?
DESC:def What do we mean by philosophy?
NUM:temp At what temperature does butter melt?
NUM:count What is the number of states of Canada?
ENTY:other What constitutes oral history?
NUM:date What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym WiFi
HUM:desc What is a veterinarian?
DESC:manner In what way do masons lay?
HUM:gr What was the Ventura County police department that seized the countys largest amount of cocaine ever
ENTY:body Where is the tongue?
LOC:city What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket
DESC:desc What is the origin of the ethnic category caucasian
NUM:speed What is the cruising speed of a typical commercial airplane?
DESC:manner In what way do urologists catheterize?
ENTY:veh What is a cable car?
LOC:landmass What is Celebes?
ENTY:dismed What is Alzheimers?
ENTY:animal How do animals cope?
HUM:title Who directed The Godfather?
NUM:code What is the HTML code for digit 5?
HUM:gr Who are the clergy?
DESC:def How does language evolution happen?
NUM:speed what is the speed of darkness
NUM:volsize What is the size of a football field?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of childbirth
ENTY:letter What letter represents tin on the periodic table?
ENTY:color What are traffic colors?
ENTY:veh What is the fuel efficiency of a diesel truck?
HUM:title What rank is Baron?
ENTY:substance What are cigarettes made of
ENTY:food Name the soft drink that is number one in the sun
HUM:gr What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL
ENTY:other What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator
HUM:ind What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne
DESC:def What is the definition of synecdoche?
LOC:city Tell me about Sydney
NUM:date What year was the American Revolution?
HUM:desc Who is Desmond Tutu
DESC:def How do colons introduce?
NUM:temp What is the average body temperature in Fahrenheit?
HUM:title What is a representative in government?
NUM:date When was Richard Nixon born
LOC:other What is a geographic location at coordinates -73, -159?
ENTY:plant What does a carrot look like?
LOC:city What country is Houston in?
LOC:state What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park
ENTY:dismed How is common cold treated?
ENTY:lang How is Mandarin spoken?
ENTY:body What is the function of the brain?
ENTY:color What color is a cardinal?
DESC:reason Why do some clothing labels say Use a nonchlorine bleach
HUM:ind Who wrote the book, Song of Solomon
DESC:reason What causes fermentation?
ENTY:animal What animal do buffalo wings come from
ENTY:termeq What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female
LOC:other Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language
ENTY:other What are some rare geological formations?
ENTY:product What is a motorcycle made of?
ABBR:abb What does Mbps indicate?
HUM:ind What does a artist do?
ENTY:other What is a rare weather phenomenon?
ENTY:food What is broccoli?
DESC:def How do contractions form?
LOC:other How are monuments?
NUM:perc What percentage are teenagers?
NUM:code What is the engine number?
LOC:city How are municipal governments work?
LOC:city What are the two cities in Dickens A Tale of Two Cities
LOC:country What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass
ABBR:exp What does RUS represent?
LOC:landmass What is New Zealand?
NUM:perc What percent of the human body is bone?
HUM:desc What does a producer do?
HUM:title What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform
ENTY:termeq What is another word for residence starting with h?
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a conference?
HUM:title What is the role of a Administrator?
DESC:desc What is the effect of acid rain
ENTY:termeq Whats the term for a bet before cards are dealt
LOC:country What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war, against the Turks in Libya
ABBR:abb What does SSH access?
ENTY:body What are red blood cells?
NUM:speed How fast can a submarine travel?
NUM:date What year was the moon landing?
ENTY:dismed What is the medical term for cancer of the blood
ABBR:abb What does MVP stand for?
ENTY:dismed What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito
ENTY:cremat Tell me about epitaph
ENTY:animal What is a snake?
ENTY:plant What plant produces the strongest fibers?
LOC:landmass How are geysers formed?
ENTY:food What is lobster?
ENTY:other What constitutes cultural diversity?
ENTY:other What are some obscure types of bacteria?
ENTY:symbol Where is the dollar sign symbol used?
ENTY:body Which body parts work together when one is watching TV
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of thunder
ENTY:food What crop failure caused the Irish Famine
NUM:period How many hours does a typical flight take?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of USA?
NUM:weight What is the weight of an adult brain?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of FBI?
NUM:perc What percentage of the ocean is explored?
NUM:ord Who came in tenth place?
DESC:desc Where does bovine come from
ENTY:symbol What does the star represent?
DESC:manner How do you build a bookshelf?
DESC:manner How do coaches train?
ENTY:veh How wide is a standard semi-truck trailer used on North American highways?
HUM:gr What corporation does Madonna advertise for
LOC:city What Colorado city owns its own glacier
ABBR:abb What is meant by DNS?
LOC:city Tell me about Mumbai
LOC:city What is Athens?
ENTY:body What is the function of the vagus nerve?
LOC:city What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym SSL
ABBR:exp DHCP is short for what exactly?
NUM:count How many miles is it from London, England to Plymouth, England
HUM:gr What is a board?
ENTY:instru How many valves does a trumpet have?
ENTY:termeq Whats another name for aspartame
NUM:other How many songs are on Spotify?
ENTY:food What is cream made from?
ENTY:termeq What is Shirley MacLaine known as
NUM:period How long does it take for hair to grow one inch?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym URL
ENTY:veh What is a cargo ship used for?
NUM:money How much does a gym membership cost?
ENTY:plant What does a spinach look like?
ENTY:symbol What does the sun represent?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Argentina?
ENTY:other What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II
DESC:reason Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster
LOC:state What is the capital of Illinois?
HUM:desc What does a musician do?
NUM:date When was the antibiotics invented?
ENTY:cremat What is a eulogy?
NUM:dist How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe
NUM:weight What is the weight of the human intestines?
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a cooking show?
DESC:def What is the definition of hormone?
DESC:reason Why do prices increase?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a troy ounce in grams?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym TLS
ENTY:sport What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans
ENTY:dismed What is an infection?
DESC:manner In what manner do ichthyologists examine?
DESC:manner How do I give a good massage
ENTY:cremat What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for
ABBR:abb Hz is an abbreviation for what?
ENTY:other What is cultural significance?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Rector?
ENTY:food What is cereal made from?
HUM:gr How is a delegation organized?
NUM:period What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age
ENTY:lang What language is spoken in Belgium?
ENTY:event What happened during Woodstock?
LOC:mount What is the height of Ben Nevis?
HUM:gr What do we call contractors?
HUM:title What was Queen Victorias title regarding India
NUM:perc What percentage of the population is color-blind?
ENTY:animal What was the name of Betty Boops dog
LOC:landmass On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor
ENTY:religion What is Christian Science?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of MVC?
ENTY:letter How many vowels does the English alphabet have?
ENTY:product What is a smartwatch?
NUM:ord What is the eighth planet?
HUM:ind What did Richard Feynman do?
ENTY:color What is color temperature?
DESC:desc What are the words to the Canadian National anthem
HUM:title What rank is President?
DESC:desc What conveys historical feeling?
DESC:reason Why do loans extend?
DESC:reason Why does the moon has craters?
ENTY:food How are vitamins essential?
ENTY:termeq What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians
DESC:desc What happens to used motor oil
LOC:water What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum
ENTY:veh What is a van?
ENTY:other What does a collier mine
ENTY:word What does limpid mean?
NUM:other What is the population of Ohio
ABBR:exp What does ABW expand to?
ENTY:animal What makes nesting behavior important?
LOC:other What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown
ENTY:plant Where do oatss grow?
NUM:speed How fast can a greyhound accelerate?
DESC:reason What makes Black Hills, South Dakota a tourist attraction
ENTY:substance What birthstone is turquoise
NUM:perc What percentage of sales come from this category?
ENTY:color What are sulfides?
NUM:perc How much plastic in the oceans comes from fishing industries?
ENTY:substance What is flour?
ABBR:exp What does GRC represent?
NUM:dist How far is Jupiter?
DESC:manner How can I register my website in Yahoo for free
ENTY:food How are carbonated beverages?
ENTY:animal What is the bear of beers
ENTY:religion What religion do Twelver Shias practice?
LOC:mount How tall is Mount Elbrus?
ENTY:veh What is the weight limit for a standard compact parking space vehicle?
ENTY:color How is sienna created?
DESC:reason Why do humans sleep?
HUM:ind Who was president in 1913
HUM:gr What name did footballs New York Titans adopt in 1963
NUM:weight How heavy is a blue whale?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to quiet?
ABBR:abb What does PAN include?
ENTY:other What constitutes archeological evidence?
HUM:gr What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams
ENTY:termeq What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called
ENTY:veh How fast can a golf cart travel?
LOC:water Where is the Indian Ocean?
HUM:gr What are the five most popular Usenet groups
LOC:city How are city boundaries determined?
ABBR:exp What does NOR represent?
NUM:other What is the number of galaxies?
ENTY:color What is dichroism?
HUM:gr What is a natives?
LOC:country What is the capital of Poland?
NUM:temp What is the melting point of cobalt?
DESC:def What is Olestra
ENTY:food What is grape?
ENTY:techmeth What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent
ENTY:event Tell me about Cannes Film Festival
NUM:ord In which order Barack Obama become the president
ENTY:techmeth How does cryptocurrency mining work?
ENTY:animal How do animals mark?
ENTY:body What does the foot do?
DESC:reason What causes earthquakes?
ENTY:other How are artifacts dated scientifically?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for File Transfer Protocol Secure?
ENTY:color How is gold created?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in SSL stand for?
DESC:manner How do judges preside over courts?
ABBR:abb What is meant by ROM?
DESC:reason Why does we need sleep?
ENTY:body What is the brain?
DESC:def What is metathesis?
NUM:dist How far is New York from Prague?
LOC:country What two South American countries do nt border Brazil
NUM:ord What is the thirtieth planet?
ABBR:abb In computing, GPU refers to what?
ENTY:animal How big is a shark?
DESC:manner In what way do entomologists collect?
DESC:manner Describe how to ride a bicycle
NUM:dist how many miles from Rome to Hispania
HUM:ind How does a philanthropist contribute?
HUM:gr How is a jury selected?
ENTY:food Whats known as The queen of Drinks
HUM:ind Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman
NUM:date When was the moon landing?
ENTY:dismed What is ibuprofen?
NUM:count What is the number of states of Colombia?
ENTY:instru How do you use a stethoscope?
NUM:period How long does a human live
ENTY:plant What is a lily?
ABBR:abb What does SAT stand for?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Post Office Protocol?
LOC:country What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris
LOC:city What Asian city boasts the worlds biggest bowling alley
LOC:city What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near
ENTY:plant Where do pines grow?
ENTY:other What is Novembers birthstone
ENTY:symbol What does the at sign represent?
ENTY:letter What letter is used for zinc on the periodic table?
ENTY:word What does obsequious mean?
ENTY:color What is color harmony?
ENTY:religion How is Bahai lived?
LOC:country What is the capital of Germany?
NUM:other How many strings on a guitar?
ENTY:food What is soda?
DESC:desc How are contrasts described contrastively?
ABBR:abb Whats the abbreviation for limited partnership
ENTY:body How do plexuses form?
ENTY:lang What language uses a logographic script?
ABBR:abb What does Hz stand for?
ENTY:symbol What is the $ symbol used for?
ENTY:sport What is squash?
HUM:desc How does a paleontologist study history?
ENTY:food What are meat substitutes?
LOC:mount What is Mount Everest?
LOC:landmass What peninsula is Spain part of
ENTY:plant Which plant has thorns for protection?
DESC:desc Can you describe the Eiffel Tower?
ENTY:religion What religion is Unity?
LOC:water What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into
ENTY:veh How long is the turning diameter of a standard car?
NUM:perc What percentage of workers have student loan debt?
ENTY:food How are chickens?
HUM:gr When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S., what moving company transported it
DESC:manner How do biochemists analyze?
ENTY:lang What is Russian known for?
ENTY:dismed How is hypertension treated?
DESC:def How do infinitives work?
ENTY:lang What is Swedish known for?
NUM:perc What percentage is services?
HUM:desc What does a lawyer do?
LOC:other Whats the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth
ENTY:instru What instrument measures sound?
ENTY:lang What is Thai known for?
ENTY:body What are tendons?
DESC:manner How do I find out about jobs
ENTY:animal Name a flying mammal
ENTY:veh What is a sailboat?
DESC:manner How do naturalists observe?
ENTY:animal How do animals use materials?
ENTY:color In order from the top, the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors
LOC:landmass Name 5 peninsulas
ENTY:religion name all the religions still practiced in scandinavia
ENTY:plant What plant is used in traditional Chinese medicine?
ENTY:instru What is a telescope?
NUM:count How many years make up a lustrum
DESC:desc What creates geographic imagery?
DESC:manner How do I tie a tie
ENTY:symbol What is the % symbol used for?
ENTY:cremat What daily newspaper will help you see clearer across the USA
ENTY:cremat What is a death ritual?
NUM:count What is the population of Colombia?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for silver on the periodic table?
ENTY:food What is rye?
ENTY:product Which tablet is best for drawing?
ENTY:color How does trend color work?
LOC:country What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica
ENTY:plant Which plant has the largest leaves?
ENTY:instru How do you use a saxophone?
ENTY:letter What letter does Gorbachevs middle name start with
ABBR:abb What does CSS control?
NUM:count What is the number of states of Mexico?
DESC:desc How is dance described?
HUM:title How does a Provost lead?
ENTY:letter What is the script in grammar?
DESC:def How does pragmatics study?
HUM:ind Tell me about Stephen Hawking
ABBR:exp What does SWZ expand to?
DESC:def What are coral reefs
HUM:title Who holds the title of Archbishop?
LOC:state What is Indiana known for?
ENTY:color How do anthocyanins color?
ENTY:lang Which language has no alphabet?
LOC:landmass How are canyons formed?
ENTY:veh What is a blimp used for?
HUM:ind How does a philosopher contribute?
ENTY:substance What is flour used for?
ENTY:food How are chocolates made?
ENTY:word What does bounded mean?
ENTY:food What whisky is known by the company it keeps
ENTY:termeq What was spawned the term MiG Alley
ABBR:exp What does MCO stand for?
HUM:gr How is a board structured?
NUM:count How many provinces in Canada?
DESC:manner How do you write a book report
ENTY:veh What was the name of Aristotle Onassiss yacht
ENTY:animal What breed of hunting dog did the Beverly Hillbillies own
HUM:desc Who is Charles Lindbergh
ENTY:instru What device measures viscosity?
DESC:def What is comparative method?
DESC:manner How do grocers stock?
LOC:water What is the Lake Baikal?
ENTY:techmeth What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost
DESC:manner How do refugees flee?
ENTY:body How many bones does a human skeleton typically have?
NUM:perc What percentage have red hair?
NUM:weight What is the weight of an elephant?
DESC:reason Why do plants require water?
NUM:perc What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch The Simpsons
NUM:period How long does it take to achieve a black belt in martial arts?
ENTY:instru How do you use a ruler?
DESC:def What is neuropathy
NUM:perc How much is carbon?
HUM:title How are representatives?
ENTY:food What are cruciferous vegetables?
ENTY:substance What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola
LOC:landmass How are valleys formed?
ENTY:animal How big is a falcon?
ENTY:body What is the function of the nail?
DESC:reason Why do communities organize?
DESC:def What is a dental root canal
NUM:ord Im the nth child in my family. Which are you
LOC:city Where is Bangkok?
DESC:def What is the biblical meaning of stones
DESC:def What is the VDRL test of blood
DESC:def What is analogical change?
NUM:temp What temperature is needed to bake bread?
DESC:manner How is an executioner determined
ENTY:letter How many vowels does the Icelandic alphabet have?
ENTY:cremat What 1942 espionage movie reunited director John Huston with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart, Mary Astor, and Sidney Greenstreet
ENTY:color How is green measured?
LOC:city What city is Logan Airport in
ENTY:religion What is Judaism based on?
HUM:desc Describe a typical designer
ABBR:exp What does UNESCO expand to?
NUM:date What year was the vaccine created?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for null?
DESC:reason Why do trees shed?
DESC:manner How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars
DESC:desc What is the history of Spartacus, the Roman slave and gladiator
LOC:other What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross, on May 27, 1937
DESC:desc How is strength described powerfully?
ENTY:color What is scarlet?
DESC:reason Why do species adapt?
DESC:def What is an initialism?
ENTY:product What is a TV?
ENTY:product What is Nintendo Switch?
ENTY:instru How many holes does a tin whistle have?
DESC:def How would you define firewall?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Bengali?
ENTY:veh How many attachment points does a car door have?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Transport Layer Security?
ENTY:dismed What is obesity?
ENTY:substance What is lead used for?
ENTY:food What is sardine?
LOC:water How deep is the Mariana Trench?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Marshal?
NUM:count Count the stars
NUM:volsize How large is the Great Lakes?
NUM:other What is the number of minerals?
DESC:reason Why is the mile 528 feet
HUM:ind Who invented Make-up
ENTY:substance What is Jell-O made from
HUM:ind Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts
ENTY:body What is the function of the esophagus?
ENTY:food What is tomato made from?
NUM:weight How much does an adult male typically weigh?
ENTY:termeq The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what
DESC:def What is the chunnel
NUM:volsize How large is the Dead Sea?
ABBR:exp What does G.M.T. stand for
HUM:desc Who is William Wordsworth
HUM:ind Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones
HUM:title How does a secretary assist?
LOC:landmass What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range
NUM:date What is the busiest air travel season
ENTY:color How do fashion colors change?
LOC:mount What is Mount Kilimanjaro?
ABBR:abb What does TB hold?
NUM:volsize How big is the Great Wall of China?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Vietnamese alphabet have?
ENTY:body What are complement proteins?
HUM:desc What characterizes a great artist?
ENTY:termeq How are sounds produced?
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym LED
LOC:water What famed river flows through Bagdad
DESC:desc How is color described poetically?
NUM:count How many strings on a guitar are there?
ENTY:color How does subtractive color work?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym RAM
ENTY:animal What is the full classification of a lady bug
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for newline?
NUM:weight How much does a grain weigh in grams?
ENTY:cremat What is a gravestone?
NUM:weight How much does a medium apple weigh?
DESC:reason Why do elections happen?
ABBR:abb What does PDF stand for?
LOC:country Where is Spain?
ENTY:letter What is the letter that follows M in the English alphabet?
LOC:water What sea is Bombay on
ABBR:abb What does XML stand for?
HUM:desc What is the role of a specialist?
NUM:period How long does it take light to travel from the Sun to Earth?
DESC:def How do word families relate?
DESC:reason What causes obsolescence?
ENTY:body What is the thyroid?
NUM:code What is the HTML code for line feed?
ENTY:body How does the stomach churn?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Yottabyte?
HUM:title How does a Supervisor lead?
HUM:ind Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election
ENTY:instru What is a screwdriver?
DESC:reason Why do memories form?
ABBR:exp What does NASDAQ stand for
DESC:def What do we mean by metabolism?
ENTY:animal What is a bird?
ENTY:body Which set of body parts is found in the upper limbs
HUM:ind What did Alexander the Great do?
ENTY:food What snack food has ridges
DESC:def How do channels transmit?
ABBR:abb What is RAM short for?
NUM:period How long is the typical duration of a bankruptcy proceeding?
LOC:city What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in
LOC:country What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe
LOC:state What is the capital of New Hampshire?
LOC:city What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci, Michaelangelo, and Machiavelli all working in
ENTY:instru How many strings does a mandolin have?
ENTY:body How does the uterus change?
LOC:country How is a federation governed?
NUM:weight Meat loses 18% of its weight by smoking. How much raw meat butcher used to manufacture 35 kilos of smoked
ABBR:abb HDD abbreviates what?
ENTY:veh How long does it take to fully charge an electric bus?
ENTY:animal What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth, Prince Alberts wife
HUM:title How does a principal lead a school?
LOC:city What is Berlin?
HUM:title what was einsteins job
ENTY:substance What fuel do airplanes use
ENTY:religion How many Atheists are there?
ENTY:body What is the throat?
ENTY:color What are betalains?
LOC:country What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas
ENTY:word What is the most famous German word in the English language
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter R in English?
DESC:def What is Shalom
ENTY:animal What makes consciousness debated?
NUM:dist How far is Cairo from Giza?
ENTY:instru What is a compass?
NUM:temp What is the highest temperature ever recorded on Earth?
ENTY:currency What currency does Peru use?
DESC:reason What are the most common causes of death in the U.S.
ENTY:food What is butter made from?
ENTY:color How does color matching function?
ENTY:word How many synonyms does the word walk have?
ENTY:instru What device measures cloud ceiling?
NUM:code What is the HTML code for form feed?
ENTY:techmeth How does solar panel conversion work?
ENTY:lang What language has the most words?
NUM:period How many months does a human baby remain an infant?
HUM:desc Who was Picasso
ENTY:product What is the Ford Mustang?
ENTY:substance What is glass used for?
ENTY:food Where does pork come from?
ENTY:food What is saffron?
DESC:reason Why do seasons cycle?
ENTY:word What does attenuated mean?
ENTY:food What is lamb?
ENTY:food Which breakfast cereal brought you the best each morning
ENTY:color What color is a giraffes tongue
ENTY:other Whats the most popular form of bridge
ENTY:food What is bread?
ENTY:event What was the worst hurricane
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a human brain?
ENTY:animal How big is a tiger?
LOC:other Where is the bridge over the river Kwai
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Danish alphabet have?
LOC:mount How high is Mount Cook?
ABBR:abb What does YB mean?
ABBR:exp What does TUR represent?
DESC:desc What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools
HUM:desc Who was Leonardo da Vinci?
DESC:def How does word choice affect meaning?
HUM:ind Tell me about Carl Sagan
ENTY:other What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier
DESC:def What is Win Rah
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard deck of cards?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of bleach?
ENTY:religion What religion do Heathens follow?
LOC:landmass What is Luzon?
ENTY:currency What currency does Luxembourg use
LOC:city Tell me about Venice
LOC:landmass What is an archipelago?
ENTY:religion What religion is Shamanism?
DESC:def What is naproxen
ENTY:dismed What is cystic fibrosis?
ENTY:sport What is wrestling?
NUM:perc How much of the worlds fresh water is frozen in glaciers?
ENTY:color What color is Mr. Spocks blood
NUM:date What year did WWII begin
DESC:reason Why do blood vessels expand?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym dB
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of sleep
ENTY:body What is the largest organ in the human body?
LOC:country What defines a country?
LOC:state What is a parish?
ENTY:instru What tool measures UV index?
LOC:water How deep are oceans?
LOC:state What New England state covers 5.9 square miles
HUM:desc Describe a typical producer
ENTY:veh What is the maximum towing capacity of a Toyota Tundra?
NUM:other How many people live in Tokyo?
ENTY:animal How do animals cooperate?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths surface is still unexplored?
HUM:gr Who are the agnostics?
ABBR:abb What does SOAP stand for?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Internationalization?
DESC:reason What causes rashes?
LOC:state How are cantons administered?
LOC:other Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight
LOC:water What are the seven seas
LOC:state What is the capital of Connecticut?
ENTY:body Where is the heart chamber?
ENTY:color How is shade created?
DESC:def How would you define algorithm?
ENTY:dismed What is Parkinsons disease?
NUM:dist How far is London from Hong Kong?
ENTY:product What do you use a headphones for?
ABBR:abb What does sonar stand for?
HUM:gr What do we call refugees?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of baseball?
DESC:def How does language change socially?
ENTY:animal What makes magnetic sense useful?
HUM:gr What civilization invented the arch
NUM:volsize How much space does a solar system actually occupy?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation HDD
ENTY:lang What is Hungarian?
ENTY:instru What device measures brightness?
NUM:period How many years ago did humans first walk on the moon?
NUM:dist What is the width of a football field
ENTY:substance What is neon?
ENTY:termeq What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called
ENTY:termeq What is the Scotch for people who know the difference
ABBR:exp What does KOR represent?
ENTY:plant Which plant is used for crop rotation?
NUM:date When did the signing of the Magna Carta occur?
NUM:period How many days does a business trip usually last?
NUM:code What is the HTML color code for white?
NUM:period How long did Rip Van Winkle sleep
ENTY:substance What is gold used for?
LOC:country What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976
ENTY:religion What religion do Wahhabi Muslims follow?
HUM:gr What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz
NUM:weight How much does sand on a beach weigh?
ENTY:religion What religion do Ahmadi Muslims follow?
ENTY:instru What tool measures force?
HUM:ind What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes
NUM:dist how many astronomical units from the sun to the kuiper belt
ABBR:abb API is an abbreviation for what?
LOC:water Where is the Great Salt Lake?
ENTY:dismed How does hypertension develop?
ABBR:exp What does GGY represent?
ABBR:exp What does KEN stand for?
ENTY:word How many letters does the word antidisestablishmentarianism have?
ABBR:exp What does NOR stand for?
LOC:landmass What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England
ENTY:letter How many handwritings are in English?
DESC:def What is humidity
NUM:dist What are the lengths of pearl necklaces
ENTY:animal What makes instinct innate?
ENTY:body How do labia protect?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym SOAP
NUM:period What is the age when most humans stop growing taller?
NUM:ord Who came in fourth place?
LOC:city What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population
ENTY:other How are historical locations identified?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths energy comes from renewable sources?
LOC:other On what avenue is the original Saks department store located
DESC:manner How do actors portray characters?
LOC:state What is a district?
DESC:def What is a Cartesian Diver
DESC:desc What verbs create movement imagery?
ENTY:food How are birds?
NUM:volsize What size is a laptop screen?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for User Interface?
NUM:date What year did the first issue of Playboy come out
ENTY:instru What is a wrench used for?
NUM:count Count the plants
ABBR:exp What does AUS stand for?
DESC:reason Explain why seasons change
ENTY:cremat What kind of books does Fodors publish
DESC:manner Describe how to paint a wall
ENTY:other What defines a historical landmark?
NUM:count How many Stradivarius violins were ever made
ABBR:exp UV stands for what exactly?
ABBR:exp What does GRC stand for?
ENTY:product What noise-canceling earbuds exist?
DESC:reason Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November
LOC:state What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet
LOC:landmass What continent is Norway part of?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Chile?
ENTY:instru What is a Piano?
LOC:water Where is the Arctic Ocean?
DESC:desc Describe the Aurora Borealis
ENTY:event Tell me about the Renaissance
ENTY:substance What are the properties of vinegar?
ENTY:color What is a common pink item?
HUM:desc What does a chef do?
ENTY:lang Which language is the most widely learned?
NUM:dist how many AU from the sun to venus
DESC:manner How can I determine the radius of an ellipse
NUM:perc What percentage of people are tall?
ABBR:exp ASAP stands for what?
ENTY:veh How many gears does a typical semi-truck transmission have?
DESC:manner How do leaders command?
NUM:perc What percentage of people have asthma?
LOC:city Where is Seoul?
NUM:period What is the age requirement to vote in the United States?
ENTY:product What do you use a hairbrush for?
DESC:manner How does an ion drive work
ENTY:religion How do Muslims pray?
ENTY:letter What letter is consonant?
ENTY:dismed How is cystic fibrosis treated?
DESC:def What is the definition of philosophy?
NUM:date What year was World War II?
DESC:manner How does a scientific calculator work
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for newline?
DESC:desc How are actions?
NUM:volsize How big is a typical apartment in square meters?
ENTY:lang What is Mandarin?
ABBR:exp What does JEY expand to?
ENTY:animal What makes estivation important?
ENTY:word What is another word for loud?
NUM:money What is the cost of a restaurant meal?
HUM:desc How does a dietitian create meal plans?
LOC:city Which city in Canada is the least-populated
HUM:desc What does a doctor do?
ENTY:word How many letters does rhythm have?
HUM:ind Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve
ENTY:techmeth How does gradient boosting function?
ENTY:other What is a historical narrative?
NUM:volsize How big is a sheet of paper?
LOC:country What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola
NUM:weight What is the weight of a strand of human DNA?
NUM:count What is the number of countries?
ENTY:currency What is the krona?
LOC:state How are special districts administered?
ENTY:color How does ombre coloration?
ENTY:color What is your favorite color
NUM:speed How fast is the speed of light
ENTY:body What is the epidermis?
DESC:manner What is the method for ride a bicycle?
ENTY:other What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom
ENTY:food What is water?
HUM:desc Who is Zebulon Pike
ENTY:sport What is swimming?
ENTY:substance What kind of crystals exist
ENTY:techmeth What is Gaussian mixture model?
ENTY:veh What is the turning radius of a semi-truck?
ENTY:instru What is a Tuba?
ENTY:termeq Whats the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree
ENTY:other What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen, in 1899
ENTY:currency What is the euro?
NUM:weight A recipe requires 2 pounds of flour. If a chef wants to triple the recipe, how many ounces of flour will be needed
NUM:other What is Eulers number?
ENTY:lang Where is Portuguese spoken?
LOC:country What is a federation?
NUM:count How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for space character?
ENTY:dismed What is hepatitis?
NUM:other What is the population of Mexico City?
HUM:desc What does a toxicologist study?
ABBR:exp What does TKM represent?
ENTY:animal How do diurnal animals adapt?
HUM:desc What is a tutor?
ENTY:veh What is the seating capacity of a Toyota Sienna minivan?
ENTY:animal How do animals react?
ENTY:lang Which language has the most words
ENTY:veh How fast can a hypersonic aircraft travel?
ENTY:substance What is a golf ball made of
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym DNS
ENTY:sport What are the rules of basketball?
ENTY:symbol Whats the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini
NUM:count How many feet in a mile
ENTY:cremat What film marked Robert Redfords directorial debut
DESC:manner How do mycologists culture?
HUM:title What does Nicholas Cage do for a living
ENTY:veh What is a rocket?
LOC:city What country is Tokyo in?
DESC:reason Why does eclipses happen?
ENTY:religion What is your religion
ENTY:plant What is a rose?
ENTY:cremat What was the first video ever made
ENTY:symbol What is the celtic symbol for life
DESC:def What is Ursa Major
DESC:def How would you define democracy?
ENTY:termeq Is big the same as large?
NUM:period How many hours should screen time be limited to?
DESC:manner In what manner do teachers instruct?
ENTY:body How do motor units work?
ENTY:veh What is the ground clearance of a Hummer H2?
DESC:manner How do botanists classify?
LOC:city In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located
LOC:mount Examples of Fold mountains
DESC:def What is diffusion?
ENTY:lang Where is Arabic spoken?
DESC:desc What captures hopelessness?
ABBR:abb What does UNICEF mean?
ENTY:body How does plasma transport?
DESC:manner How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number
LOC:water What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters
ENTY:other How are ancient texts preserved?
HUM:desc What is a lawyer?
ENTY:symbol What is a musical symbol?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Internet Message Access Protocol?
ENTY:body What is the thymus?
ENTY:lang What is English known for?
NUM:other How many moons does Jupiter have?
ENTY:dismed What is chronic constipation a symptom of
DESC:def How do acronyms create?
DESC:def What is entailment?
NUM:speed How fast can a jackrabbit run?
LOC:city What makes a metropolis a city?
NUM:ord What is the fifth place?
ENTY:lang Where is Polish spoken?
LOC:state What is the capital of Indiana?
ENTY:religion What religion do Fundamentalist LDS members practice?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper
ENTY:plant Which plant is the fastest photosynthetic?
NUM:ord What is the fourth position?
ENTY:religion What do Christianity followers believe?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds population lives below the equator?
HUM:gr What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Scottish Gaelic alphabet have?
ENTY:animal What is the friendliest animal in the world
ENTY:body What is the function of the leg?
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in the most countries?
ENTY:event Tell me about the fall of the Berlin Wall
ENTY:techmeth What is the technique for carbon capture?
ENTY:dismed How do parasites feed?
ENTY:substance What are fingernails made of
ABBR:abb What does UNESCO stand for?
ABBR:exp What does ORM expand to?
DESC:manner Describe how to plant a seed
ABBR:exp What does TUR stand for?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a human fat tissue?
ENTY:animal What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection
ENTY:currency How many euros are equal to one dollar?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Denali?
ENTY:color What is blue?
DESC:def What is interference?
LOC:city What country is Seoul in?
ENTY:food What is strawberry?
ENTY:body How many sweat glands does a human have?
DESC:manner In what way do scholars analyze?
DESC:manner How do people dance?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in CPU stand for?
ENTY:product What is a laptop?
LOC:mount Which mountain is the highest in the Himalayas?
NUM:weight How much does a chicken egg weigh?
ENTY:animal What makes feces communication?
DESC:desc What captures difficulty?
ENTY:color How does Müllerian mimicry work?
DESC:reason Why is we dream?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of sourness
NUM:count How many casinos are in Atlantic City, NJ
ENTY:animal What is a tiger?
NUM:code What does error code 503 mean?
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a barometer?
DESC:reason What causes tsunamis?
LOC:city How are cities?
DESC:manner How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author
LOC:water What are all the rivers in Europe
LOC:landmass What is Caucasus?
ENTY:termeq What is an antonym for happy?
ENTY:currency What is the Canadian dollar?
ENTY:product What is the Chevrolet Corvette?
HUM:gr What do we call Gen X?
LOC:country What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British
ABBR:exp What does CRUD expand to?
ABBR:abb What does GPU render?
DESC:reason What is Black Hills, South Dakota most famous for
ENTY:veh What is a canoe used for?
NUM:period What is the average age of menarche in girls?
LOC:state What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
ENTY:symbol What does the heart represent?
NUM:period How long is the typical duration of a flu infection?
NUM:other What is the population of the United States
ABBR:exp What does SDN represent?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Megahertz?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Irish alphabet have?
DESC:reason What causes asthma
ENTY:veh What is the seating capacity of a Chevy Suburban?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths surface is protected land?
ABBR:exp What does IDN stand for?
ENTY:substance What is hydrogen made of?
NUM:date When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO
HUM:desc What does a pilot do?
DESC:desc What is the history of the hairdryer
ABBR:abb What does VoIP enable?
LOC:mount Whats the second-highest mountain in the world
ENTY:event What war did the Potsdam Conference follow
NUM:dist How far is New York from Hong Kong?
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Rome?
ENTY:animal What is a emu?
LOC:city Tell me about Singapore
ABBR:abb What does CPU process?
NUM:count What is the number of mountains?
NUM:money How much money does a back injury lawsuit get
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Japan?
LOC:state What is the capital of Colorado?
NUM:date When did Hawaii become a state
ENTY:word What is another word for sad?
ENTY:techmeth What is random forest technique?
ENTY:product Which sander is random orbit?
ENTY:lang Where is Italian spoken?
ENTY:color What is a common magenta item?
DESC:manner How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of Roger & Me
LOC:water What colorful seas region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near
DESC:def How does assonance work?
ENTY:color How does environment affect?
NUM:speed How fast does a typical electric car accelerate?
ENTY:word What is another term for small?
NUM:period How long is a football season?
ENTY:animal How do mollusks move?
NUM:count How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon
NUM:temp What is the melting point of gold?
ENTY:veh what fictional spacecraft do you know about
NUM:weight How much does a standard paperback book weigh?
HUM:desc How does a director work?
DESC:desc What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr.
ENTY:food What is seafood?
DESC:reason Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham
ENTY:color What color is a sunflower?
ENTY:body What is the colon?
ENTY:other What does a farrier put shoes on
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a basketball court?
LOC:state What is Tennessee known for?
LOC:other What London street claims to be the world center for mens tailoring
DESC:desc How are emotions described in writing?
ENTY:animal How big is a dolphin?
LOC:water What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see
DESC:desc How are characters?
DESC:def What is a False Moon
ENTY:instru What tool measures lung capacity?
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in Switzerland?
LOC:state What state is Mount McKinley in
ENTY:veh What is the standard color of school buses?
HUM:desc Describe a typical biologist
ABBR:abb What is meant by URL?
ENTY:color How does lighting affect?
ENTY:animal What makes landmark navigation useful?
ENTY:sport What sport does Chris Jogis play
ENTY:sport What are the rules of sprinting?
ENTY:food Which cheese is known as the King of English cheeses
NUM:period What is the average lifespan of a crow?
ENTY:product What streaming service has the most shows?
HUM:desc How does a botanist study plants?
HUM:ind In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell
DESC:def How does dominance manifest?
DESC:reason What makes salt
NUM:date What date is Halloween?
HUM:title How does a President lead?
ENTY:cremat What does Knight Ridder publish
ENTY:symbol What is the € symbol used for?
NUM:count Count the mountains
ENTY:techmeth What is 3D printing technology?
ENTY:cremat How are ashes scattered safely?
ENTY:lang What is the official language of Thailand?
DESC:reason Why do immune systems activate?
HUM:title What is a Chairperson?
LOC:mount What is the height of Cascade Range?
ENTY:color What is color metaphysics?
NUM:money What is the price of a car wash?
ABBR:exp JSON stands for what exactly?
LOC:water What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania
DESC:manner Describe how to public speaking
LOC:other Where is Erykah Badu originally from
ENTY:dismed What causes tuberculosis?
ENTY:dismed How is autism treated?
HUM:ind Who sought to create The Great Society
LOC:other What desert has the highest sand dunes
ENTY:animal What makes extinction permanent?
DESC:reason What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev
DESC:desc How are textures described tactilely?
NUM:other How many people on Earth?
ENTY:body What is the function of the trachea?
ABBR:abb In computing, SSD refers to what?
NUM:speed How fast does a kangaroo hop?
LOC:water What connects to the English Channel?
ENTY:termeq What is Latin for incompetent
ENTY:body What is the liver?
DESC:manner How do fish swim?
HUM:desc What does an immunologist study?
ENTY:food How are vegetables cultivated?
DESC:def What is turn-taking?
LOC:water What body of water are the Canary Islands in
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of children
ENTY:instru What device measures radiation dose?
ENTY:instru What device measures tide height?
ENTY:veh What is a UTV?
ENTY:plant What is the oldest living tree?
NUM:temp At what temperature do most metals melt?
ENTY:product What product doubles your pleasure, doubles your fun
NUM:temp At what temperature does milk pasteurize?
NUM:temp What is the temperature at the surface of Mars?
DESC:def How do indexes function?
ABBR:abb SOAP is an abbreviation for what?
ENTY:instru What is the function of a densitometer?
ENTY:symbol what symbol represents the square root of negative one
HUM:ind Tell me about Winston Churchill
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Indonesia?
ENTY:product What is BMW?
NUM:period How many years ago was the invention of the internet?
NUM:ord How is fourth written?
NUM:perc What fraction of a beavers life is spent swimming
ABBR:abb What does an abbreviation stand for?
LOC:state What is the capital of Alabama?
ENTY:techmeth What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft
ENTY:product What was the first satellite to go into space
ENTY:lang What is Finnish?
NUM:volsize What is the size of the International Space Station?
ENTY:symbol Where is the swastika symbol used?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation WiFi
ABBR:exp SSL means what in full form?
ABBR:exp What does MLI stand for?
DESC:desc What captures vulnerability?
DESC:def What is chromatology
LOC:water How salty is the Pacific Ocean?
HUM:title What is a Pope?
LOC:water What connects to the Baltic Sea?
ENTY:event What holidays are celebrated in Ireland
LOC:other Where did surfing originate
LOC:city Where is Dubai?
DESC:reason What causes losses?
ABBR:exp LED is short for what exactly?
LOC:mount Where is the Alps?
ENTY:color What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon
ENTY:symbol What symbol do people commonly fail to understand the message that it denotes
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a typical house?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of water
LOC:water What river flows between Fargo, North Dakota and Moorhead, Minnesota
HUM:desc How are neurologists?
NUM:perc What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade
ENTY:color What color, s, appear on boxes of Kodak film
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes hashtag?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of wood?
LOC:country What is a state?
HUM:desc What does a novelist do?
NUM:date What geological time do we live in
NUM:ord What ordinal number reflects the position of the number 3 in the set of prime numbers
DESC:reason What causes nightmares?
ENTY:dismed How do pandemics spread?
HUM:gr What is a activists?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Germany?
NUM:other What is the number of animals species?
HUM:desc How does a urologist treat patients?
DESC:desc What happened to Moon Maiden
LOC:city Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988
LOC:city What city is also known as The Gateway to the West
ENTY:sport What is snowboarding?
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a gyroscope?
ENTY:product How does an e-reader work?
ENTY:product What is a boat made of?
DESC:manner In what manner do fishers cast?
LOC:other Where are the busiest ports in the world
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word sideburns
NUM:date Whats the first day of the week
NUM:dist How far is London from Istanbul?
ENTY:animal What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths
NUM:period How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun
HUM:title What is a Bishop?
LOC:country What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978
DESC:reason What is the S&P 500 used for
ENTY:color How does physics explain?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of water?
ENTY:plant Where do apples grow?
ENTY:animal What is the name of Roy Rogers dog
ENTY:plant What plant has edible roots?
ENTY:word What does imprisoned mean?
HUM:title What rank is Associate Justice?
NUM:period How many days does a typical cold last?
HUM:title How does a provost work?
NUM:dist How far is New York from Los Angeles?
NUM:dist How tall was the animated Frankenstein
DESC:desc Whats the difference between TFT and dual-scan display
NUM:ord What is the eighth book in the series?
ENTY:letter What letter is used for gold on the periodic table?
ENTY:cremat Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines
ENTY:body Where is the artery?
ENTY:instru How do you use a accordion?
ENTY:animal How do animals use autotomy?
ENTY:dismed What is a virus?
ENTY:word What does limited mean?
ABBR:exp What does DNK represent?
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of Þ in Icelandic?
ENTY:instru What device measures wavelength?
HUM:gr How is a unit organized?
LOC:country What is the capital of France?
ENTY:animal What makes glandular secretions vital?
NUM:count How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score
LOC:mount What is the height of Mount Fuji?
NUM:date What year was the invention of the printing press?
ENTY:body How many chambers does the human stomach have?
ENTY:dismed What is whooping cough?
ENTY:body How do macrophages engulf?
LOC:city What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland
ABBR:abb What is meant by OLED?
HUM:desc What does a cardiologist do?
LOC:state How are territories administered?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for escape character?
ENTY:instru How do you use a microscope?
LOC:water Where is the Southern Ocean?
ENTY:letter What is the letter in grammar?
DESC:reason What is the reason dinosaurs went extinct?
ENTY:dismed What causes malaria?
ENTY:plant What is a fruit?
LOC:water What is the longest river in the United States
HUM:desc Describe a typical architect
HUM:title Who painted Guernica?
ENTY:lang Where is Turkish spoken?
ENTY:other What are the 7 Wonders of the World
ENTY:product How does a dishwasher clean?
ENTY:currency How many yen are in a dollar?
LOC:landmass How are plateaus?
DESC:reason Why is leaves change color in fall?
DESC:desc What captures conclusion?
ENTY:religion What is Unitarianism?
HUM:ind Tell me about Isaac Newton
HUM:title How are presidents?
HUM:ind How does a mathematician contribute?
HUM:desc What does a counselor do?
DESC:manner In what way do detectives investigate?
LOC:landmass What is a island?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for automobile?
NUM:period How old was the youngest president of the United States
HUM:ind Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games
ENTY:word What is the plural of the word goose?
ABBR:abb What is Mikhail Gorbachevs middle initial
ENTY:dismed What is common cold?
ENTY:currency How many pesos are in a dollar?
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a movie credits roll?
LOC:other Where do hyenas live
NUM:period How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body
ENTY:body How does the colon absorb?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Russian Cyrillic alphabet have?
ENTY:sport How is fencing conducted?
ENTY:currency What is the money they use in Zambia
ABBR:exp ROM is short for what exactly?
ENTY:veh What is a refrigerated truck?
LOC:state What is Washington known for?
ENTY:animal How big is a antelope?
ENTY:event Tell me about the moon landing
NUM:dist How long was Maos 1930s Long March
HUM:ind Tell me about Nelson Mandela
ENTY:cremat What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Ricks
ENTY:symbol What is the ← symbol used for?
HUM:gr Who are the knights?
ENTY:lang Where is English spoken?
NUM:other What is the number of mountain ranges?
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a music album?
ENTY:animal How do animals secrete?
NUM:perc What percentage of the suns energy actually reaches Earths surface?
LOC:city Tell me about Toronto
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for bell?
NUM:ord What ordinal number represents the position of Barack Obama in the succession of US presidents
NUM:ord what place did you end up in
ENTY:religion What do Confucianism followers believe?
DESC:desc What is the Eiffel Tower like?
ENTY:veh What was the first car launched into space
ENTY:veh What is a bus?
LOC:city Whats the capital of Iowa
NUM:count What is the number of states of China?
LOC:country Tell me about Japan
LOC:country Tell me about South Africa
NUM:ord What child are you in your family?First, second, third
ENTY:religion What is Christianity based on?
ENTY:veh What is a tank used for?
ENTY:veh What is the fuel tank capacity of an 18-wheeler?
HUM:gr What is a faculty?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths land is desert?
ENTY:termeq What is the opposite of cold?
ABBR:exp What does JAM expand to?
LOC:mount Where is the Zugspitze?
NUM:period How long is a fiscal year?
ABBR:exp What does SWE stand for?
LOC:state What is the capital of Idaho?
NUM:temp What is the melting point of zinc?
NUM:dist how tall is the tallest building
NUM:count How many acres in a mile
ENTY:lang What is the primary language of the Netherlands?
ENTY:techmeth What is cloud computing?
NUM:ord What is the seventh letter of the alphabet?
ENTY:veh What is a fighter jet?
DESC:manner What is the procedural method?
ABBR:exp What does TUV stand for?
ENTY:animal How do animals burrow?
ENTY:religion What religion is Judaism?
NUM:speed How fast is light?
ENTY:instru What is a Harp?
ENTY:cremat What is epitaph?
ENTY:product What is a tablet?
HUM:desc What is a counselor?
ENTY:color How does anodizing work?
ENTY:food How is condensed milk?
NUM:perc What percentage of the brain is gray matter?
ENTY:animal How do animals feel emotions?
LOC:state Where is Virginia?
ABBR:exp What does FJI stand for?
DESC:def What do we mean by capitalism?
ABBR:exp What does MAC represent?
DESC:def What is a hormone
NUM:period How many hours are in a work week?
ENTY:food How is coconut oil extracted?
ABBR:exp What does SVK expand to?
ENTY:dismed What causes COVID-19?
ABBR:abb CPU abbreviates what?
LOC:country What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world
ENTY:food What is sushi?
LOC:city What is Istanbul?
LOC:mount Which is the world’s longest mountain system
DESC:manner How do you find the area of a circle
ABBR:abb What does URL stand for?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of carbon dioxide?
ABBR:exp What does MNP expand to?
ENTY:religion What is Wicca?
ENTY:religion What is Divine Science?
DESC:def What is Java
HUM:gr What is a clergy?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of the Grand Canyon?
NUM:period How old is Stevie Wonder
ENTY:symbol What are the signs of a country going into a recession
DESC:def What is the definition of socialism?
ABBR:exp What does BFA represent?
ENTY:techmeth What is the method for composting?
ENTY:veh How long does it take a bullet train to reach its maximum speed?
HUM:ind Who was the captain of the tanker, Exxon Valdez, involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound, Alaska, 1989
ENTY:cremat What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball
ENTY:other What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963
ENTY:termeq What do we call dwelling in other words?
ENTY:currency What is the dinar?
DESC:manner How do climbers ascend?
DESC:manner How do you solve Rubiks Cube
NUM:perc What percentage of emails sent daily are classified as spam?
ENTY:other What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie
ENTY:food What is pepper made from?
DESC:manner How can you be happy
DESC:manner How do pilots fly aircraft?
ENTY:symbol What is the star symbol?
DESC:manner How do gardeners plant?
ENTY:event What happened during the COVID-19 pandemic?
ENTY:substance What is rubber?
LOC:mount How high is Mount Logan?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population has blue eyes?
LOC:mount in tolkiens world, what mountain did Smaug the dragon inhabit
LOC:landmass what archipelagos can you find in the Caspian sea
NUM:temp What is the melting point of gold in Celsius?
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in Romania?
ENTY:food What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans
ENTY:color How does polarization affect?
LOC:water What is the English Channel?
ENTY:instru What device measures speed?
NUM:dist How far is New York from Singapore?
LOC:country What is the capital of Czech Republic?
ENTY:instru How do you use a trumpet?
ENTY:techmeth What does the technique called cold fusion produce
NUM:temp What is the melting point of platinum?
DESC:def How would you define antibody?
NUM:other What is the lifespan of a mayfly?
NUM:money What is the price of Bitcoin?
ABBR:exp What does FRA represent?
ENTY:currency How are currencies valued?
NUM:perc What percentage is land?
NUM:count How many calories are in a tomato
ABBR:abb What is meant by VPN?
LOC:state What is the capital of California?
NUM:count Count the islands
ENTY:cremat What is the movie Jonathan Livingstone Seagull
ENTY:religion Which religion originated in Saudi Arabia?
ENTY:plant What does a cactus look like?
LOC:other What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park
HUM:desc Who was Thucydides
LOC:other How are gardens?
ENTY:other What did the Congress of Vienna establish
NUM:other How many planets are there?
LOC:other Where is the Danube
NUM:speed What is the top speed of a cheetah?
ENTY:body What is the penis?
ENTY:animal What was the name of the Little Rascals dog
ENTY:food Where does chicken come from?
ENTY:dismed How is anxiety treated?
ENTY:termeq What do we call couch in other words?
DESC:reason Why do hairs grow?
ENTY:animal What makes stress harmful?
ENTY:body How many muscles control the human eye?
ENTY:sport What is badminton?
DESC:def What is the definition of photosynthesis?
ENTY:food What is pasta made from?
LOC:city What citys newspaper is called The Star
NUM:period How long does it take for a scar to fade completely?
ENTY:termeq Mississippi is nicknamed what
LOC:mount What country has Appalachian Mountains?
LOC:city What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum
DESC:desc What conveys positional relationships?
LOC:landmass What is a mountain?
DESC:manner How do counselors guide?
DESC:def What is the nature of learning
ENTY:event Tell me about Woodstock
DESC:desc What words convey feeling intensely?
DESC:reason Why do populations grow?
LOC:city Tell me about Hong Kong
NUM:count What is the area of Canada?
NUM:ord where did you rank in the olympics
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a cup?
ENTY:color What is a common crimson item?
DESC:reason Why is dinosaurs went extinct?
HUM:title What is a Professor?
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for dwelling?
ENTY:color How do color mutations arise?
ENTY:religion What do Pentecostalism followers believe?
DESC:reason Why do flowers need sunlight?
ENTY:word What does pragmatic mean?
ENTY:animal How do animals use spines?
ENTY:currency What is the Thai baht?
ABBR:exp RF stands for what exactly?
ENTY:color How do metamerism causes?
ENTY:body What is the most complex organ in the human body?
ENTY:body Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg
ENTY:plant What plant has medicinal properties for colds?
ENTY:instru What is a protractor?
ENTY:termeq Whats the term for a young fox
LOC:city How are territories organized?
ENTY:body How many nail beds does a human have?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of strong light
ENTY:event What happened during the September 11 attacks?
ENTY:religion What religion is Lutheranism?
DESC:def What is osteichthyes
ENTY:termeq What is another word for autumn?
ENTY:body What does the ear do?
ENTY:body What does the rib do?
NUM:other What is the atomic number of oxygen?
ABBR:exp What does snafu stand for
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter Y in English?
LOC:mount How high is Mount Popocatépetl?
ENTY:other What killed Bob Marley
LOC:other Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism
DESC:def What is predicate nominative?
ENTY:body What is the function of the foot?
LOC:city What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World
LOC:state What state is Niagara Falls located in
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Swedish alphabet have?
ENTY:symbol which one do you think is the most important traffic sign
ENTY:color What is a common salmon item?
NUM:perc What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday
ENTY:body What is the function of the tongue?
ABBR:exp What does AIA expand to?
LOC:city What is Phoenix?
LOC:country What continent is Brazil in?
ENTY:veh How many gallons per mile does a city bus typically consume?
ENTY:color What is fading?
ENTY:plant Which plant is known for bioluminescence?
LOC:water What is the Strait of Gibraltar?
ENTY:substance What is glass made of
LOC:country What is the capital of Canada?
HUM:ind What did Nelson Mandela do?
ENTY:lang What is Turkish?
NUM:period What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996
ENTY:food What is the worlds best selling cookie
NUM:period For how long is an elephant pregnant
ENTY:body What does the brain control?
LOC:state What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags
ENTY:plant How do seeds germinate?
ENTY:color What is a common silver item?
NUM:perc What percentage of students pass the exam?
DESC:desc Whats the origin of the word news
DESC:reason Why do birds fly?
ENTY:animal How do animals defecate?
HUM:gr What armys motto is Blood and Fire
NUM:date When was the airplane invented?
NUM:count What is the population of Pakistan?
ENTY:body What is the body’s largest muscle in the buttocks and helps humans maintain an upright posture
ENTY:other How are sites excavated?
LOC:water How salty is the Bering Sea?
NUM:money How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost
LOC:water What water body is Z?
ENTY:food What is ice cream made from?
ENTY:veh How fast can a jet ski travel at maximum speed?
HUM:title How does a Mayor lead?
HUM:title What is a comptroller?
LOC:country What is the capital of Iran?
ENTY:body Where is the human skin least sensitive
LOC:landmass What is a butte?
ENTY:lang Where is Russian spoken?
LOC:other Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly
LOC:city What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker
DESC:desc What captures understanding?
ENTY:animal How do animals modify tools?
NUM:perc What percentage of the sky is visible?
HUM:gr Name the tree growing company
HUM:gr What do we call Generation Z?
DESC:def What is an auto-commentary
ENTY:animal What makes agriculture dependent?
ENTY:other What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020
ABBR:exp What does MAR stand for?
ENTY:animal What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukons lead dog
NUM:volsize what is the volume of the observable universe
DESC:reason What causes conservation?
NUM:weight An empty can has a mass of 1/6 lb. When it is filled with sand, it has a mass of 7/12 lb. Find the mass of the sand in the can
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word posh
ENTY:techmeth What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
ENTY:symbol Where is the peace sign symbol used?
NUM:count How many species are there?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for delete?
LOC:landmass How are karst landscapes formed?
ENTY:veh What is a loaner vehicle?
ABBR:abb What does NASA stand for?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym VPN
LOC:state How are provinces administered?
NUM:weight how many kilograms
NUM:perc What percentage of students fail the exam?
DESC:desc How is order described orderly?
ENTY:animal What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for drachma?
ENTY:animal How do animals fight?
NUM:dist what is the length of the eiffel tower
ENTY:letter What is the letter that represents the number five in Roman numerals?
ENTY:cremat What is the purpose of burial?
LOC:city What makes a municipality a city?
NUM:temp At what temperature does salt dissolve?
ENTY:word What does conquered mean?
ENTY:body What are sensory receptors?
ENTY:currency What currency does Vietnam use?
NUM:weight Dinesh ate 3 cookies, each with mass 1.45 g. What was the total mass of the cookies that he ate
ENTY:color How do we perceive color?
ENTY:plant What is a seed?
LOC:city Tell me about Dublin
ABBR:exp What does the channel ESPN stand for
ENTY:animal What spider makes a superb pet, even said to recognize its master
NUM:count How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board
ENTY:religion which religions believe in purgatory
ENTY:instru What device measures magnetic field?
LOC:state Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay
ENTY:body What are seminal vesicles?
NUM:count How many people are taller than 7 feet
ENTY:other What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of, in 1960
HUM:title What rank is Colonel?
ABBR:exp What does ESP stand for?
ENTY:color What are color preferences?
NUM:volsize what is the volume of the sun
NUM:code tell me the pin to unlock the phone
ENTY:termeq What is similar to fast?
ENTY:lang Where is Finnish spoken?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Unidentified Flying Object?
DESC:manner In what way do scribes write?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Vesuvius?
ABBR:exp What does LVA expand to?
NUM:period How long is the average incubation period for chicken eggs?
ABBR:abb What does LASER produce?
ENTY:food Where does pepper come from?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Russia?
ENTY:food What does a tarantula eat
ENTY:cremat What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation LED
HUM:gr What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsens body in 197
ABBR:abb USB abbreviates what?
ENTY:animal How do fish breathe?
ENTY:color How does culture affect?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of the largest blue whale ever recorded?
HUM:desc What is a prosecutor?
NUM:period What is the age of consent in most Western countries?
ABBR:exp Write out USB in full
ENTY:letter How many fonts are in English?
ENTY:instru What is a Clarinet?
DESC:def How does assimilation function?
DESC:desc What conveys sacred atmosphere?
ENTY:symbol What does the ° symbol represent?
ABBR:exp ATP stands for what exactly?
ENTY:food What are lentils?
NUM:perc What percentage of the brain do humans typically use?
NUM:period How many hours is sleep?
DESC:reason Why does dinosaurs went extinct?
ENTY:animal How big is a moose?
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes copyright?
ENTY:food What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink
DESC:manner How do you make the color purple
NUM:speed What is the speed of a freight train?
NUM:dist What is the distance of the International Date Line?
NUM:period How many hours is a typical workday?
NUM:perc What percentage of employees are remote?
DESC:manner How do psychologists analyze?
ABBR:exp What does BGD represent?
ENTY:food What are flavor extracts?
NUM:date When was the Hoover Dam constructed
NUM:volsize How big is the Chappellet vineyard
ENTY:religion What is the Yazidi faith?
ENTY:currency What currency is used in Malaysia?
ABBR:exp Write out OLED in full
ENTY:letter What is the shape of the letter E?
DESC:def What is homonymy?
NUM:speed do you know what is the top speed of a U-boat
ENTY:lang Where is Danish spoken?
HUM:desc Describe a typical teacher
NUM:other What is the population of Venezuela
ENTY:letter What is the shape of the letter H?
ENTY:animal What was the first domesticated bird
LOC:mount What country has Mount Fuji?
LOC:other What famed wall supports the Badaling turret
NUM:date When was the first stamp issued
ABBR:exp CIA stands for what exactly?
DESC:desc What is the Amazon River like?
NUM:dist What is the Earth-Moon distance?
ENTY:body What are the adrenals?
HUM:gr What new middle school was built in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania last year
LOC:water What is the highest waterfall?
HUM:gr What is a working group?
NUM:speed how fast is voyager going
ENTY:instru How do you use a piano?
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, tics, swearing, and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, shouts, etc.
ENTY:food How is quinoa prepared?
ENTY:body How do veins return blood?
ENTY:symbol What is the ° symbol used for?
ENTY:instru What is a wrench?
NUM:volsize What is the size of a soccer ball?
ENTY:dismed What is ibuprofen used for?
LOC:mount What continents second-highest peak is Mont Blanc
HUM:desc What is a nurse?
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a software license?
DESC:def What is phonological rule?
NUM:count Count the people
DESC:def What is the definition of antibody?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population has green eyes?
LOC:country What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled
LOC:country What country covers 8, 600, 387 square miles
DESC:def What is Grimms Law?
ENTY:product What is a phone?
ENTY:color What is coral?
ENTY:color How do tetradic schemes function?
ENTY:body Whats the colored part of the eye called
NUM:period How many hours are in a week?
DESC:def What are vermicilli, rigati, zitoni, and tubetti
ENTY:body What helps hold neurons in place, supply nutrients to neurons, destroy germs, remove dead neurons, and direct axons of neurons
DESC:def How would you define photosynthesis?
DESC:def What is the definition of osmosis?
ENTY:substance What is silver used for?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of flour?
DESC:def What is genre?
ENTY:instru What is the function of a seismograph?
NUM:money How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for
LOC:city What citys newspaper is called The Enquirer
ENTY:dismed What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S.
LOC:city Where is Istanbul?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Russian?
ENTY:religion What do Islam followers believe?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in RAM stand for?
ENTY:product What products ads claim that it eliminates odors, kills household germs, mold, and mildew
ENTY:body How do arteries carry blood?
ENTY:product What is a mirror?
ENTY:cremat Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what
LOC:country Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system
DESC:desc What is Niagara Falls like?
NUM:money How much does a college degree cost?
ENTY:animal How do animals urinate?
ABBR:abb What does UCLA mean?
ENTY:letter What letter represents the British Pound?
ENTY:dismed How is measles treated?
NUM:weight How much does a standard brick weigh?
NUM:date Hitler came to power in Germany in what year
ENTY:color What is a common brown item?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a standard can of soda?
DESC:manner How do engineers calculate?
DESC:desc What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear
DESC:def How does decategorization work?
ENTY:substance Whats the second-lightest element
ENTY:body How many chambers does the human heart have?
DESC:desc How are emotions?
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes euro?
ENTY:dismed What causes dengue?
ENTY:veh What is the engine size of a Mini Cooper?
DESC:manner What is the method for build a bookshelf?
LOC:state What is the capital of Ohio?
HUM:gr Who are the Challengers of the Unknown
NUM:dist What is the width of the Bering Strait?
ENTY:veh How many gears does a CVT transmission have?
ENTY:cremat What was the top box office movie in April 1998
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for null?
LOC:landmass What is Victoria?
DESC:def What is phonological reduction?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make soap?
NUM:temp At what temperature does human DNA begin to denature?
NUM:dist How far is New York from Cairo?
HUM:desc Who was Monet
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in Croatia?
ABBR:exp What does BIH represent?
ENTY:animal How do fish breathe underwater?
ENTY:body Where is the hand?
ENTY:other What is the longest chemical name, consisting of 35 letters
ENTY:food What are desserts?
ENTY:food How are fermented products?
NUM:money Mexican pesos are worth what in U.S. dollars
ENTY:symbol What is a currency symbol?
ENTY:termeq How do you say fresh in Spanish
HUM:title What rank is Dean?
NUM:weight How much does an Olympic gold medal actually weigh?
LOC:country What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from
DESC:desc What captures setback?
ENTY:body What is the arm?
NUM:perc What percentage of DNA is adenine?
NUM:ord What is your place in the birth order of your family
ENTY:word How many homophones does the word to have?
NUM:code What is the binary code for form feed?
ENTY:food How are proteins essential?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Right-to-Left?
ENTY:body What is the length of the human digestive tract?
ABBR:exp What does PWA expand to?
ENTY:plant What is a fern?
ENTY:termeq Is sluggish the same as slow?
DESC:reason Why can t women serve in the Navy on board submarines
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym RNA
DESC:reason What causes rolling thunder
ENTY:event What was the Vietnam War?
ENTY:event What was Woodstock?
HUM:desc What does a endocrinologist do?
DESC:reason What causes chills?
NUM:date When did Charles Lindbergh die
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth is water?
NUM:period What is the life span of the average monkey
ENTY:body What is the vein?
ENTY:food What is coffee made from?
ENTY:color What is olive?
ENTY:food What cooking oil has corn goodness
LOC:city What city boasts Penns Landing, on the banks of the Delaware river
ENTY:product How does a microwave heat?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in DHCP stand for?
ENTY:letter What is the origin of the letter X?
ENTY:termeq What is a ball that hits the foul pole called
ENTY:animal What kind of fish is a coney
NUM:money How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have
LOC:landmass How are mountains formed?
DESC:manner How do spies infiltrate?
ENTY:animal How do animals find food?
ENTY:body Which organ of the digestive system is largely responsible for the breakdown of food in the small intestine, using enzymes
NUM:perc What percentage of people are right-handed?
ENTY:product Which smartphone has the best camera?
NUM:period How long does a human sleep during an average night?
NUM:count What is the population of Brazil?
ENTY:letter What is the shape of the letter G?
ENTY:dismed What is diabetes mellitus?
DESC:def Whats a water funnel
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Argentina?
ENTY:body What is the function of the capillary?
ENTY:currency How many rand are in a dollar?
ENTY:color How does monochrome differ?
ABBR:exp What does UZB expand to?
ENTY:veh How does a excavator work?
LOC:landmass What island was the target of the U.S.s Operation Urgent Fury
ENTY:animal What is a shark?
HUM:desc What does a director do?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym NSA
LOC:water What is the Arctic Ocean?
ENTY:religion What is Buddhism?
LOC:city What country is Mumbai in?
DESC:desc Whats the difference between J.D. and LL.M.
DESC:def What is the definition of latency?
ENTY:food Name Li l Abners favorite Indian drink
ENTY:letter What is the calligraphy in grammar?
HUM:title What is the role of a Mayor?
NUM:code What does error code 400 mean?
NUM:speed How fast does a penguin swim?
ENTY:animal How do animals hop?
DESC:def What is mad cow disease
DESC:def What do we mean by paradox?
ENTY:color How do retro colors feel?
LOC:landmass How are grasslands formed?
NUM:period How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest
ENTY:substance What are the four elements
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical ferry?
NUM:period How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last
ENTY:letter What letter is used for silicon on the periodic table?
NUM:other What is the world population?
LOC:state How are sectors?
NUM:code How are area codes structured?
ABBR:exp What does SYC expand to?
ENTY:religion How many Pagans are there?
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a therapy session?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body is carbon?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Baroness?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population is over 65?
HUM:gr What did Jesse Jackson organize
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym VPN
DESC:desc Tell me about the Mona Lisa
ENTY:event Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III
HUM:gr What do we call employees?
ENTY:veh What is a semi-truck?
LOC:state What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower
ENTY:instru What instrument measures conductivity?
NUM:money How much is a bitcoin worth?
LOC:country What is the capital of Italy?
ENTY:animal What is the name given to a group of geese
ABBR:exp What does SXM stand for?
LOC:city What country is Rome in?
DESC:def What does the double-O indicate in 007
LOC:landmass How are gorges?
ENTY:sport How is tennis played?
HUM:title Who painted The Scream?
ENTY:food What is juice made from?
NUM:dist How far is it from New York to Los Angeles?
ABBR:exp What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus cross
ENTY:other What is the criterion for being legally blind
NUM:speed How fast does sound travel in air?
DESC:desc What are the environmental influences on plant genetics
ENTY:body The part of the eye that allows us to focus on different things in known as what
ABBR:exp What does JSON expand to?
NUM:volsize How much air passes through your lungs in a day?
ENTY:religion How many religious people are there?
ENTY:color What is a common red item?
ENTY:product What is a refrigerator?
ABBR:exp When reading classified ads, what does EENTY other stand for
DESC:def How does inclusive language work?
DESC:desc How is art described aesthetically?
LOC:country What defines a empire?
LOC:landmass What is the Amazon?
ENTY:veh What is a kayak used for?
NUM:date When did Thatcher become prime minister
ENTY:letter How are digraphs used?
NUM:perc What percentage are children?
ENTY:body What is the digestive system?
ENTY:letter What is the oldest known alphabet?
ENTY:animal What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds
HUM:desc What does a pediatrician do?
DESC:def What is a micron
NUM:date When did the Carolingian period begin
ENTY:product What is a dishwasher?
ENTY:word What is a interjection?
ENTY:religion How do Hindus practice worship?
ENTY:color How is mint formed?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a human kidney?
ENTY:body What does the throat do?
HUM:title What is a Doctor?
NUM:ord How is the number 21 expressed ordinally?
ENTY:techmeth What is the best way to overcome a fear
ENTY:body What is the parathyroid?
DESC:manner In what way do welders arc?
ENTY:word What is the definition of serendipity?
ENTY:symbol How is the [ ] symbol used?
HUM:title what is your job
DESC:reason What causes bankruptcy?
ENTY:product What soap was touted as being for people who like people
HUM:gr What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman
LOC:other How are parks?
ENTY:substance What are the chemicals used in glowsticks
ENTY:animal How do invertebrates survive?
DESC:reason Why do roosters sing at five o clock in the morning
ENTY:sport What is marathon?
ENTY:color What is polyphenol?
NUM:ord In the list of your favorite foods, where is fried chicken
ENTY:product What is the best selling computer model ever
NUM:count How many engines does a Boeing 737 have
ENTY:lang What language uses a Cyrillic alphabet?
NUM:speed How fast is sound?
NUM:speed What is a peregrine falcon speed?
DESC:reason What causes deficits?
ENTY:color How is salmon formed?
ENTY:food What is the taste that beats the others cold
HUM:gr What do we call believers?
ABBR:abb What does ORM stand for?
HUM:ind What did Isaac Newton do?
LOC:city What is Prague?
ABBR:abb In computing, VPN refers to what?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a standard swimming pool?
ENTY:substance What harmful chemicals are in bug spray
LOC:water What is the location of the Sea of Tranquility
HUM:gr What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas
ENTY:food What is beer made from?
ENTY:techmeth What is the best way to remove wallpaper
ENTY:food How are clams?
DESC:def What is embodied cognition?
ENTY:product What is a television?
NUM:temp What is the hottest temperature ever recorded on Earth?
ENTY:cremat What book did Aaron Hass write
ABBR:abb What does GHz represent?
ENTY:animal What makes foraging strategies complex?
DESC:desc What is the effect of volcanoes on the climate
ENTY:veh What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft
LOC:country What country is Mount Everest in
ENTY:product Name a product that controls the ripening of apples
DESC:reason What causes storms?
DESC:manner In what way do pilgrims journey?
ENTY:veh What is a hot air balloon used for?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures amplitude?
ABBR:abb What does OPEC mean?
ABBR:exp What is USA?
HUM:title What is a Private?
NUM:ord Who came in seventh place?
ENTY:other What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US
DESC:desc Describe a black hole
NUM:money How much does a hotel room cost?
NUM:count How much salt is in the oceans
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Compact Disc?
ENTY:animal What is a baby lion called
LOC:city Tell me about Bangkok
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a cubic meter?
ENTY:symbol What is the = symbol used for?
ENTY:body What does the heart do?
NUM:money What are bottle caps with presidents pictures inside worth
NUM:code What is the chassis number?
NUM:period How long does it take for a tomato seed to germinate?
DESC:desc What is a description used for?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for happy?
DESC:manner How can I find out my Moon sign
ENTY:veh what machine was Catbus from the 1988 film My Neighbor Totoro
ENTY:sport What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers
ABBR:exp Viz means what?
HUM:title How does a Rector lead?
NUM:weight How much does a poodle weigh
ENTY:religion which religion has the most gods
LOC:city What is Toronto?
ENTY:plant What does a violet look like?
HUM:desc What is a musician?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Denmark?
LOC:other What is Mark McGwires e-mail address
ENTY:word What does perspicacious mean?
LOC:city What U.S. citys skyline boasts the Gateway Arch
DESC:def How does onomatopoeia function?
DESC:reason Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses
ENTY:cremat What magazine paid $5, 000 for an eight-millimeter film of John F. Kennedys assassination
DESC:desc Can you describe Mount Everest?
LOC:state What is the capital of Minnesota?
DESC:desc Describe the Great Wall of China
HUM:gr What do we call activists?
DESC:reason What makes a tornado turn
HUM:desc Describe a typical musician
ENTY:substance What is wood?
ENTY:event What is the World Cup?
NUM:count How many people are there?
HUM:gr What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for
ENTY:animal How do animals adapt?
DESC:manner In what manner do auditors verify?
ENTY:word What were the five opening words on Ben Casey
NUM:count How many people are there in the world
LOC:landmass What countries are in South America?
ABBR:abb What is meant by RAM?
ENTY:word How many letters does the word methionylthreonylthreonylglutaminylarginylisoleucylphenylalaninylvalylprolylarginylprolylleucylglycylisoleucylserine have?
ENTY:food What rum is so mixable it is a one-brand bar
ENTY:food What are eggs?
LOC:other Where have the most dinosaur remains been found
ENTY:body What is the function of the nerve?
ENTY:cremat What is the purpose of memorial service?
ENTY:other What was the education system in the 1960s
ENTY:instru What tool measures oxygen saturation?
NUM:ord What is the sixth letter of the alphabet?
ENTY:symbol What does the * symbol mean?
DESC:reason Why do trees shed leaves?
NUM:count What is the world population?
LOC:country Where is Russia?
ABBR:abb What does GPA represent?
DESC:desc What captures deprivation?
ENTY:body What are salivary glands?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for line feed?
ENTY:termeq How do you say I love you in Spanish
ENTY:veh What is a hand truck?
NUM:date When was the Industrial Revolution?
ENTY:body Where is the vertebra?
DESC:def How do prefixes modify words?
ENTY:plant How do plants reproduce?
NUM:ord What is the twentieth letter of the alphabet?
ENTY:body What is the largest organ of the human body
HUM:gr What do we call representatives?
ENTY:letter What is the shape of the letter F?
DESC:manner How do leatherworkers tan?
ENTY:animal What was the name of Barettas cockatoo
NUM:code How are QR codes structured?
ENTY:religion what was the religion of the ancient peoples who inhabited north-central Anatolia
NUM:volsize What is the approximate volume of cloud water in the atmosphere?
NUM:dist how high is the smallest mountain
NUM:volsize what is the cubic measurement of the cybertruck
ENTY:body Where is the kidney?
ENTY:substance What is carbon dioxide?
ABBR:exp What does HUN represent?
NUM:date In what year did they build the Berlin Wall
ENTY:food How are energy drinks?
DESC:def How is thalassemia defined
ENTY:other Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World
NUM:dist How far is London from Dubai?
NUM:dist How far is it from Miami to Havana?
NUM:volsize What is the approximate volume of a human heart chamber?
ENTY:substance What are the most common elements in the Earths crust
ENTY:animal How big is a turtle?
ENTY:dismed What causes measles?
NUM:ord What is the fifth planet?
NUM:date When was the first Barbie produced
DESC:reason What is the reason we dream?
ABBR:abb What does QoS manage?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a human stomach?
NUM:ord what is your place in line
ENTY:religion What is a faith tradition?
ENTY:plant What plant produces natural insecticides?
NUM:code What is the binary code for carriage return?
LOC:city Tell me about Vienna
ENTY:plant What does a orange look like?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of the suns surface
NUM:dist What is the distance between North and South Pole?
NUM:volsize How large is the Great Wall of China?
NUM:other What is the number of languages?
ENTY:veh What is a yacht?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Geographic Information System?
NUM:dist What is the width of the Suez Canal?
ENTY:food How are beans processed?
ENTY:religion How many Taoists are there?
DESC:manner In what manner do scientists experiment?
DESC:def What is hebephrenia
LOC:city What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in
DESC:def What is a dependent clause?
ENTY:animal What was FDRs dogs name
LOC:state What is Pennsylvania known for?
ABBR:exp What does CMR stand for?
LOC:other Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln
NUM:period What is the duration of a human attention span at peak focus?
ENTY:body What is the strongest muscle in the human body?
ENTY:plant Where do elms grow?
ENTY:food What is cheese?
ENTY:food What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe
ENTY:plant What plant is the largest flower?
LOC:state What state did the Battle of Bighorn take place in
LOC:state What is the capital of Maine?
ENTY:body How do testes produce?
ENTY:color What is color constancy?
DESC:desc What do Caroll Baker, Tammy Grimes, Debbie Reynolds, and Judy Garland all have in common
ENTY:animal What do lions eat?
ENTY:body How do nails protect?
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Brazil?
LOC:water What river runs through Rowe, Italy
HUM:ind Tell me about Charles Darwin
HUM:desc What is a chef?
DESC:manner How do you catch a fish?
ENTY:word What does suppressed mean?
ENTY:animal What makes toxins effective?
HUM:gr What is a Generation Z?
HUM:desc What does a anthropologist do?
LOC:mount What is the tallest mountain in Ireland?
ABBR:exp What does BLR stand for?
HUM:ind Who is the worst US President ever
NUM:period How long does a typical job interview last?
DESC:def How is an article used?
DESC:reason Why was the zipper invented
ENTY:lang Whats the official language of Algeria
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word trigonometry
ENTY:instru What instrument measures humidity?
DESC:manner How do I find a web address for a company
NUM:period How many centuries have dinosaurs been extinct?
DESC:manner How do translators convert?
ENTY:animal Whats the dumbest domesticated animal
LOC:landmass Which continent is Kenya in?
ENTY:veh what is the yellow thing in Yellow Submarine
LOC:country Where is France?
HUM:title What is an auditor?
HUM:gr What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983
ENTY:veh How does a jet ski work?
LOC:city What are the five most expensive cities in the world
ENTY:animal How do scavengers feed?
NUM:speed How fast does a bicycle go?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for automobile starting with c?
LOC:other Where is Microsofts corporate headquarters located
ENTY:event When did the World Cup occur?
NUM:date When did the neanderthal man live
ENTY:veh What is a train?
NUM:perc How much of global trade passes through the Panama Canal?
LOC:country What countries earn the most from tourism
HUM:gr What do we call atheists?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency
NUM:perc What percentage of the population wears glasses?
ENTY:veh What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann
DESC:reason What causes mutations?
NUM:code What is the HTML code for symbol @?
DESC:def What do we mean by firewall?
ENTY:techmeth In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion
HUM:title What is a curator?
NUM:money How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost
NUM:money How much does a plane ticket cost?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths biomass is bacteria?
ENTY:veh What is a leased car?
ENTY:other What shape-shifting menace did Rom come to Earth to fight
HUM:gr Name Pittsburghs baseball team
LOC:mount Where is Mount Everest located?
NUM:speed What is the terminal velocity of a human falling without a parachute?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Sweden?
DESC:def What does the name Anthony mean
DESC:manner How do you do a bibliography page
ENTY:animal What kind of animals are Dorsets, Lincolns, Oxfords and Southdowns
ENTY:substance What are the properties of hydrogen?
NUM:weight What is the weight of air
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for franc?
ENTY:techmeth What is Markov chain?
ENTY:instru What is a Mandolin?
ABBR:exp TLS is short for what exactly?
ENTY:event What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China
NUM:other What is the most-followed person on Instagram?
ENTY:animal What makes flying adaptive?
DESC:manner Describe how to learn a language
NUM:ord What is the twenty-second book in the series?
ENTY:body How many joints does a human body have?
NUM:count What is the number of plants?
LOC:country What is the capital of South Korea?
NUM:other What is the approximate population of Las Vegas, N.M
HUM:gr What is the airline built for professional travelers
LOC:country Which Latin American country is the largest
LOC:landmass What is Sardinia?
NUM:dist What is the distance to the Moon?
NUM:speed What is a space shuttle speed?
HUM:ind Who won the rugby world cup in
ENTY:food What is blueberry?
ENTY:sport What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times
LOC:mount What is the height of Himalayas?
LOC:water What connects to the Nile River?
DESC:manner How do historians investigate?
DESC:def What do we mean by mitochondria?
HUM:title What is a Coordinator?
ENTY:food What ice creams contain seaweed
NUM:ord in what episode of the simpsons did that happen
NUM:dist How far is Paris from New York?
DESC:desc Where did the name root beer come from
LOC:city What African capital is named for a U.S. president
DESC:reason What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does
LOC:city What country is Cairo in?
ENTY:substance What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of trees
ENTY:food What is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar
ENTY:substance What is hydrogen used for?
ENTY:color What is royal blue?
NUM:period How long is the typical duration of labor for childbirth?
NUM:date What month of the year is there no television in Iceland
ENTY:termeq Is dim the same as dark?
LOC:mount What country has Himalayas?
ENTY:lang What is Spanish known for?
NUM:count What is the world population as of today
ENTY:techmeth What is natural language processing?
ENTY:veh What is the maximum weight limit for a vehicle on a standard bridge?
ENTY:veh What is the fuel capacity of a cross-country motorcycle?
NUM:perc What percentage of the forest is tropical?
ENTY:other Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach
DESC:reason Why do glaciers advance?
ENTY:cremat What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943s Old Acquaintance
NUM:money How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966
LOC:other Where is the Holland Tunnel
DESC:manner How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them
HUM:title Who holds the title of Chief Justice?
ENTY:word What does sanguine mean?
ENTY:substance What is zinc?
DESC:manner In what manner do masseuses knead?
ENTY:animal What makes migration necessary?
HUM:ind How does a activist contribute?
ENTY:cremat What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantess Don Quixote
ENTY:letter What is a diphthong?
DESC:def What is a code in communication?
DESC:manner Describe how to change a tire
ENTY:color How is brown formed?
ENTY:body Which set of body parts are found in the head
NUM:money What is the price of gold?
ENTY:other What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house
ABBR:exp USB is short for what exactly?
NUM:period How many days does a hotel reservation typically span?
NUM:money What debts did Qintex group leave
ENTY:animal In Hemingways Old Man and the Sea, what kind of fish does the old man catch
LOC:country What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948
NUM:date In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak
NUM:speed How fast can a horse run at full gallop?
ENTY:body What is the vagina?
ENTY:cremat What Dickens novel has David carrying the message Barkis is willin to Peggy
DESC:desc What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica, West Indies for a year
ENTY:veh What is a glider used for?
LOC:mount How high is Kilimanjaro?
ENTY:food Where does pasta come from?
ENTY:other What can one see in Reims
ABBR:exp SSH is short for what exactly?
ENTY:other What does a woman want
ENTY:instru What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play
ENTY:techmeth How does fiber optic transmission work?
ABBR:abb What does UX measure?
NUM:perc What percentage is forest?
ABBR:abb What does FTP stand for?
DESC:def What does Elysium mean
HUM:gr Name a French fascist party
NUM:volsize How large is Antarctica?
ENTY:body What does the heart chamber do?
ENTY:body What are motor neurons?
ENTY:other What is archaeology?
DESC:def What is a serigraph
ENTY:cremat Name four comic strips about pilots
ENTY:instru What instrument measures capacitance?
LOC:landmass Where is South America?
HUM:desc Describe a typical physicist
ENTY:veh What is the width of a standard parking space in feet?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Localization?
ENTY:word What is the meaning of benevolent?
LOC:landmass What countries are in North America?
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter J in English?
ENTY:veh How does a cruise ship work?
LOC:city In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live
HUM:gr What is a students?
LOC:country What continent is Poland in?
LOC:mount How tall is Mount Blanc?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for form feed?
NUM:temp What is the freezing point of ethanol?
HUM:desc How are doctors?
LOC:city What Canadian city has the largest population
ABBR:abb JSON is an abbreviation for what?
HUM:gr What is a baby boomers?
LOC:country What continent is Saudi Arabia in?
ENTY:techmeth How does NFC payment work?
ENTY:veh What is an escalator?
ENTY:animal What is a marsupial?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for guilder?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Mexico?
ENTY:dismed What causes arthritis?
DESC:manner How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas
DESC:def What is lenition?
NUM:speed How fast can a wolf run in pursuit?
ENTY:dismed What is lisinopril?
NUM:count How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost
ENTY:food How are crackers produced?
LOC:country Where is Turkey?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Polish?
ENTY:techmeth What is transformer architecture?
HUM:ind Who was Isaac Newton?
DESC:desc How are cycles described cyclically?
ENTY:food How is water purified?
LOC:landmass What is the Middle East?
ENTY:food What is banana made from?
NUM:temp At what temperature does human skin suffer severe burns?
ENTY:body What is the function of the appendix in the human body?
ENTY:animal What makes ecosystem balance critical?
DESC:reason Why do cells divide?
HUM:ind Who was Martin Luther King Jr?
HUM:desc Who is Count Cinzano
HUM:title Who holds the title of Prince?
ENTY:body What is the dermis?
ENTY:animal How big is a wolf?
LOC:landmass What continent is the Nile River on?
ENTY:animal Which animal gives birth standing up
DESC:desc Can you describe the Great Wall of China?
NUM:count How many web servers are there
NUM:date What is the date of Christmas?
LOC:country What desert country borders Saudi Arabia, Iraq and the Persian Gulf
ENTY:event What age followed the Bronze Age
LOC:other Where do the adventures of The Swiss Family Robinson take place
LOC:state What is a township?
ENTY:product What is a car?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a carat in grams?
ENTY:dismed What is depression?
DESC:def How would you define gravity?
HUM:desc What does a dentist do?
ENTY:other What is the electrical output in Madrid, Spain
ENTY:cremat What is an obituary?
NUM:date When was the telescope invented?
NUM:temp A general rule of thumb used by pilots is for every 1,000 feet of altitude, the temperature falls 3.5 F. If the temperature at sea level is 78 F, what would you expect the temperature to be at 10,000 feet
DESC:manner In My Antonia, how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm
ENTY:food What is wine?
ENTY:product What is a television made of?
ENTY:letter What letter is used for calcium on the periodic table?
NUM:ord What is the fifteenth letter of the alphabet?
ENTY:substance What is the birthstone of October
NUM:speed How fast does a human sneeze travel?
HUM:ind Who designed London Bridge
LOC:country What country boasts the most cars per mile of road
NUM:period How long does it take for the Earth to orbit the sun?
ENTY:cremat What is a funeral?
HUM:ind Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality
ENTY:substance What is wood used for?
NUM:period How long is the average lifespan of a human being?
NUM:period What is the average lifespan of a chimpanzee?
ENTY:symbol How is the | symbol used?
NUM:money What is the salary of a U.S. Representative
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of MVP?
HUM:ind What did Albert Einstein do?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Fatman in the television show, Jake and the Fatman
DESC:manner Describe how to yoga
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Greece?
DESC:reason Why does the sky is blue?
ABBR:exp What is UNESCO?
ENTY:color What is LAB color?
ENTY:color What is red?
DESC:def What are amaretto biscuits
ENTY:termeq What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo
NUM:period How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow
ENTY:symbol What is the / symbol?
HUM:gr What is the best distance education university or college
NUM:perc What percentage of nitrogen is in air?
NUM:date What is the date of Independence Day?
HUM:ind Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange
LOC:country Where is South Africa?
ENTY:body What is the leg?
ENTY:food Where does beef come from?
ENTY:event What was the Oscars?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Zettabyte?
ENTY:currency What is the ruble?
NUM:weight How much does a bottle of wine weigh?
ABBR:exp What does KHM expand to?
DESC:manner How do theologians contemplate?
LOC:state What is the capital of Massachusetts?
LOC:state What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in
ENTY:color What is tint?
HUM:ind What famous soldier was born in Europe, died in Asia, and was laid to rest in Africa
ENTY:letter What is the most commonly used letter in the English language?
NUM:temp At what temperature does nitrogen become liquid?
HUM:ind Tell me about Marie Curie
ENTY:plant What is a herb?
DESC:desc Whats the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall
DESC:def What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm
HUM:desc Who is Peter Weir
DESC:reason What makes a clitoris sensitive
ENTY:veh Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics
ENTY:color human eye perceives white as a mixture of which different spectral colors
ENTY:currency What currency does Hong Kong use?
DESC:manner How did names come about
ABBR:abb PWA is an abbreviation for what?
HUM:desc Describe a typical lawyer
LOC:country Where is Poland?
ENTY:animal What is a ostrich?
NUM:speed How fast does an eagle dive?
ENTY:instru How many valves does a brass instrument have?
DESC:reason Why do some jets have a vapor trail, and others do not
ENTY:color What is gold?
ENTY:color What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value
NUM:code What is the binary code for backspace?
DESC:def What is autism
DESC:def How does usage-based theory function?
LOC:landmass What is Madagascar?
ENTY:color What are school colors?
DESC:desc What was the proper Laugh-In respones to Say goodnight, Dick
ENTY:body What does the nose do?
ENTY:plant What does a fern look like?
ENTY:lang What language is the most phonetic?
ENTY:body How many eyelashes does a human have?
ENTY:other What is a cultural symbol?
DESC:def What does laser stand for
LOC:state How are states governed?
HUM:desc What is the role of a trainer?
NUM:date What date is Valentines Day?
ENTY:techmeth What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning, IRL
LOC:country What country is the largest diamond producer
ENTY:cremat What TV show premiered on January 15, 1981
LOC:landmass What is Africa?
ENTY:animal What makes cultural transmission possible?
ENTY:veh What is a lever?
LOC:landmass What countries are in Europe?
NUM:period How old is too old for a child to not be talking
NUM:other How many mountain ranges exist?
HUM:desc What is a actor?
DESC:desc What captures meteorological feeling?
NUM:code What does error code 506 mean?
HUM:title Who composed Bohemian Rhapsody?
ENTY:termeq How do you say 2 in Latin
NUM:other How many fish species exist?
ENTY:food What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983, surpassing corn
ENTY:religion What is Jehovahs Witnesses?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Arabic?
ENTY:termeq What is a 2-sided object called
HUM:ind Who was Alexander the Great?
NUM:temp At what temperature does plastic wrap melt?
ENTY:animal What makes disease transmission serious?
DESC:manner In what way do microbiologists stain?
NUM:weight One kilogram equals 2.2 pounds. If a patient weighs 79.5kg, what is his weight in pounds
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a manometer?
ENTY:word What is an antonym of hot?
ENTY:event Tell me about World War I
LOC:landmass Which continent has the most roses
ENTY:other What is the shape of a football as stated in the NFL rulebook
LOC:landmass What continent is Argentina on
ENTY:event How are conferences organized?
HUM:gr What do we call immigrants?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a meteor entering Earths atmosphere?
ENTY:color What is charcoal?
DESC:def What is proposition 98 about
ABBR:exp What does AUT expand to?
HUM:gr What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium
DESC:desc What is the difference between a preface and a foreword
LOC:mount What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain
ABBR:abb What does l10n mean?
ENTY:food What is duck?
HUM:title what are you
HUM:desc What is a lecturer?
DESC:reason Why do profits arise?
ENTY:other What does it take to be a hero
ENTY:product What was the name of the first U.S. satellite sent into space
DESC:reason Why do rivers flow downstream?
ENTY:veh How long does it take to accelerate a freight train to full speed?
ENTY:color What is oxidation coloring?
DESC:def What is Head Start
ABBR:exp What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2
ENTY:instru How do you use a drums?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Swedish?
ABBR:exp What does NGA represent?
HUM:desc Who developed the theory of relativity?
DESC:manner How do speakers address audiences?
HUM:ind Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933
LOC:landmass in what peninsula is Portugal located
LOC:water What river runs through Colorado, Kansas, and Oklahoma
ENTY:word What does airy mean?
ENTY:letter What is the origin of the letter K?
NUM:date On what day is Labor Day?
ENTY:event What happened during the Super Bowl?
NUM:count What is the population of USA?
ENTY:animal How do animals disperse offspring?
DESC:manner How does blood clot
DESC:def How do adjectives modify nouns?
LOC:state Whats the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska
ABBR:exp FDA stands for what exactly?
DESC:manner How did the Great Depression affect Japans history
NUM:dist A car leaves London at 8.30am and arrives in Edinburgh at 5.30pm. If how far is it from London to Edinburgh
ENTY:cremat What is the purpose of funeral?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body is muscle?
HUM:ind Who killed Caesar
NUM:dist What is the world record for the longest hair
DESC:def How would you define enzyme?
ENTY:color How are colors perceived by the human eye?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Private?
ENTY:currency What is deflation?
ENTY:currency What is the Indian rupee?
HUM:desc What does a chemist do?
NUM:temp At what temperature does cellulose decompose?
NUM:other What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo
DESC:manner How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches
ENTY:body What is the function of the pituitary gland?
ENTY:cremat Jude Law was in what movie
NUM:date What year did the NFL go on strike
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Accessibility?
NUM:other What is the most-streamed artist?
DESC:manner How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source
LOC:landmass What continent is Brazil on?
ENTY:dismed What is malaria?
ENTY:veh On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking
ENTY:sport What is long jump?
NUM:other What is the golden ratio?
ENTY:techmeth What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth
ENTY:body How many pages of blood vessels can wrap around the Earth?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Kilimanjaro?
LOC:other Where is the Lourve
NUM:count How many Russians have landed on the moon
ENTY:cremat Tell me about wake
ENTY:techmeth How does hidden Markov model function?
DESC:reason What causes shortages?
NUM:ord What is the first book in the series?
ENTY:animal How do animals feed young?
ENTY:veh How does a fighter jet work?
ABBR:exp RAM means what in full form?
LOC:landmass How are plains formed?
HUM:title What is the role of a Judge?
DESC:reason Why does it say on childrens cough syrup not to drive while using this medication
ENTY:termeq What do you call a twirl in ballet
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for potassium on the periodic table?
DESC:def What does Phi Beta Kappa mean
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of slime
DESC:manner How do you become a dentist
HUM:ind Who was Albert Einstein?
ENTY:animal What is a buffalo?
ABBR:exp What does SOAP expand to?
HUM:desc How does a judge work?
ENTY:body Where is the nail?
NUM:code How do MAC addresses differ from IP addresses functionally?
ENTY:cremat Tell me about cemetery
LOC:country What is the capital of Argentina?
ENTY:body What is the artery?
NUM:count How many years old is Benny Carter
LOC:country What countries have the largest armed forces in the world
DESC:manner How do I register a trade name in North Carolina
ENTY:religion What is the LDS Church?
NUM:ord How is the number 10 expressed ordinally?
NUM:date What year did the Vietnam War end
NUM:perc What percentage of workers prefer remote work?
ENTY:instru What tool measures mass?
ENTY:product How does a drone function?
ABBR:exp What does ITA expand to?
DESC:reason What is the purpose of BIOS
NUM:date What date is Richard Nixons birthday
DESC:reason What causes an earthquake
NUM:dist How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states
NUM:dist How far did he drive down the road before he turned around and drove back if his trip took 5 hours
NUM:perc What percentage of Americans have a college degree?
HUM:desc Who is John Macarthur, 1767-1834
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer
DESC:def What is a pyrotechnic display
ENTY:body What is the toe?
ENTY:instru How many keys does a bassoon have?
ABBR:abb What does GLONASS provide?
ENTY:animal How do animals hibernate?
NUM:period What is the age requirement for voting in most democracies?
ENTY:veh What is a snowplow?
DESC:def What is prototypicality?
ENTY:body How many types of nerve fibers exist?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Everest?
NUM:ord What is the seventh planet?
ENTY:body Where is the spleen?
ENTY:animal What kind of animal is Babar
ENTY:sport What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in
HUM:ind Who was Nelson Mandela?
ENTY:symbol Where is the ampersand symbol used?
ENTY:event What happened during the Dark Ages?
ENTY:instru How do you use a saw?
ENTY:cremat What is a columbarium niche?
HUM:title Who directed Jurassic Park?
ABBR:exp What is HDLC
HUM:ind Who was the first American world chess champion
NUM:count How many people hike
NUM:temp Aluminum metal melts at 660.37 C. What is the temperature in Kelvin (to the hundredth)
ENTY:product What is Lego?
ENTY:religion What religion is Rastafarianism?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of blood in a human body?
LOC:country What country was Kim Philby really working for
ENTY:symbol What is the chemical symbol for lithium?
DESC:reason What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers
ENTY:plant What is a leaf?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a sprinter?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of France?
LOC:state How are municipalities created?
ABBR:exp What does SRB stand for?
ENTY:dismed What is tuberculosis?
ENTY:product What is a comb made of?
ENTY:termeq What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called
DESC:def What is hypernym?
ENTY:color What color is magenta?
ENTY:sport How is basketball played?
ENTY:veh What is the aerodynamic efficiency of truck designs?
NUM:date What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die
HUM:title Who wrote To Kill a Mockingbird?
ENTY:word How many syllables does the word incomprehensible have?
DESC:def What is hypertension
LOC:country What country boasts Cawdor Castle, Glamis Castle, and Blair Castle
ENTY:currency What is the franc?
ENTY:sport What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192
LOC:country Tell me about Brazil
LOC:mount What country has Andes Mountains?
ENTY:instru What tool measures temperature in a furnace?
ABBR:exp What does USPS stand for
HUM:desc What is a cardiologist?
ENTY:religion What religion do some people call the New Age movement?
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for backspace?
DESC:desc Tell me about the Great Wall of China
ENTY:body Which organ is made up of four chambers, the left atrium, right atrium, left ventricle, and right ventricle
ENTY:word What does jubilant mean?
ENTY:techmeth What is transfer learning?
HUM:desc Who was Quetzalcoatl
LOC:country Whats the most powerful country in the world
ENTY:instru What is a spoon used for?
DESC:desc What is a supernova like?
ENTY:lang Where is Hindi spoken?
ENTY:plant What is a peach?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym ROM
LOC:other Where are the apartments in Saint John, New Brunswick
ENTY:body What does the spine do?
ENTY:food How is milk produced?
NUM:ord Who came in third place?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body is bone?
LOC:other Wheres the Petrified Forest
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym HDMI
ENTY:veh What is a tractor?
ABBR:exp What does COD stand for?
ENTY:food Whats the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family
NUM:weight How much does water weigh
LOC:state What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in
NUM:speed How fast can a human run?
ENTY:color What is yellow?
HUM:gr What do we call clergy?
HUM:desc Who was Santos-Dumont
HUM:desc Who was Maria Theresa
LOC:country What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to
DESC:desc What captures the everyday?
NUM:code What is the octal code for space character?
ENTY:sport How is weightlifting played?
DESC:reason Why do taxes collect?
ENTY:event Tell me about the French Revolution
NUM:temp What is the temperature inside a volcano?
NUM:ord What is the first planet?
ENTY:event When did the Olympics occur?
ENTY:product What is a oven made of?
LOC:country What is the capital of China?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Internet Control Message Protocol?
NUM:speed how fast can a snake move
LOC:state Where is Florida?
ENTY:cremat How is embalming done?
ENTY:veh How does a truck carry?
ENTY:letter What letter is used for oxygen on the periodic table?
DESC:desc What conveys organization?
ABBR:exp SSD is short for what exactly?
ENTY:letter What is the origin of the letter W?
NUM:money How much does a laptop cost?
NUM:period What is the age requirement to run for president?
ABBR:exp What does LASER expand to?
DESC:def What is understatement?
ENTY:word What is a synonym?
ENTY:substance What metal has the highest melting point
DESC:reason Why do debts accrue?
ENTY:color How does color blindness affect?
ENTY:instru What is a ruler used for?
NUM:code What is the octal code for digit 5?
NUM:other What is the longest word ever written?
DESC:desc How is a painting described artistically?
DESC:manner In what manner do coordinators organize?
LOC:country What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia
HUM:desc What does a judge do?
DESC:desc What elements capture urban atmosphere?
ENTY:symbol What symbol represents danger?
NUM:ord What is the thirtieth book in the series?
ENTY:color How do xanthophylls function?
NUM:weight How much did a knights armor weigh
ENTY:veh What is a boom lift?
NUM:period How long do cardinal eggs incubate
ENTY:instru What device measures precipitation?
ENTY:word How many syllables does encyclopedia have?
NUM:money What is the average cost for four years of medical school
ENTY:letter What is capitalization?
NUM:date When were William Shakespeares twins born
LOC:landmass Where is the Iberian peninsula
NUM:speed What is the speed of a tornados wind?
LOC:city What is a megacity?
ABBR:exp What does CIV represent?
ENTY:substance What is gold?
NUM:other How many languages exist?
ENTY:body How many lobes does the frontal cortex have?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Automated Teller Machine?
ENTY:techmeth What is blockchain?
NUM:other What is a fraction?
NUM:volsize how many cubic meters does a whales stomach have
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for World Wide Web?
ENTY:cremat How are funeral expenses calculated?
LOC:landmass What continent is the Grand Canyon on?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a shock wave from dynamite?
NUM:ord What is the second letter of the alphabet?
DESC:manner How do you get a pointsettia to turn red
ENTY:food What kind of nuts are used in marzipan
HUM:desc Who is Duke Ellington
NUM:temp at what temperature does water freeze
ENTY:currency What is the lira?
ABBR:exp What does MDA expand to?
NUM:ord What is the twentieth planet?
ENTY:word What is another word for new?
LOC:city What constitutes a metropolitan area?
ABBR:abb What does POP retrieve?
ENTY:body What is the rectum?
HUM:title What is the role of a Governor?
NUM:dist How far is Pluto from the sun
ENTY:letter What is the shape of the letter Q?
ENTY:religion What do Taoism followers believe?
LOC:state Where is Michigan?
LOC:mount Where are the Appalachian Mountains?
ABBR:exp What does SEN represent?
ENTY:body What is the weight of the human heart?
ABBR:exp What does JESSICA mean
ABBR:abb In computing, WiFi refers to what?
HUM:desc How are pediatricians?
ENTY:cremat What movie did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975
ENTY:instru What tool measures voltage?
LOC:city Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies
LOC:other Where is the group M People from
ENTY:religion What is the largest religion in the world?
ABBR:abb What does CV stand for?
ENTY:food What are noodles?
NUM:dist How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland
LOC:city What citys theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties
ENTY:instru What device measures voltage?
NUM:period What is the typical age of retirement for teachers?
ENTY:event What was the American Revolution?
ENTY:animal What is a rhinoceros?
ENTY:substance What is iron used for?
ENTY:plant What plant is the national flower of Japan?
NUM:count How many minutes in an hour are there?
DESC:def How do tense forms change?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word Ozymandias
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of France?
NUM:dist How far is London from Berlin?
DESC:desc Describe Mount Everest
DESC:def How does language express identity?
ENTY:food Where does hamburger come from?
ENTY:lang What is Arabic known for?
DESC:reason Why do businesses succeed?
ENTY:cremat What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967
DESC:desc What is Mount Everest like?
LOC:country In what nation is Edessa located nowadays
NUM:period How many days are in a leap year?
LOC:landmass Which continent is the Alps mountain range on?
ENTY:food What is polenta?
DESC:def What is a sentence fragment?
DESC:def How does politeness work?
ABBR:abb Whats the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene
ENTY:animal How big is a wildebeest?
ENTY:other What dropped 1, 313 feet in 1980
ENTY:body What of the body liquid contains immune cells, antimicrobial and antifungal proteins, and growth factors that promote wound healing
ENTY:veh what kind of vehicle was Priscilla in the 1994 film The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert
ENTY:lang What is Dutch?
LOC:country Tell me about Russia
ENTY:instru What is a screwdriver used for?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a human lungs?
HUM:desc What does a neurologist do?
ENTY:event What happened during World War I?
LOC:mount What is Rainier?
ENTY:body How many lobes does each human lung have?
ENTY:termeq What do we call attorney in other words?
ABBR:abb LCD abbreviates what?
NUM:temp At what temperature does fat melt?
ENTY:letter What is the letter that is used for the th sound?
ENTY:cremat Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium
NUM:other How many bones are in a blue whale?
ENTY:color How does color mixing work?
DESC:def How do maxims guide conversation?
LOC:other Where was the first golf course in the United States
NUM:volsize How large is the Sun compared to Earth?
ENTY:product What do you use a bookshelf for?
ENTY:religion What is Shinto based on?
LOC:country What country borders Denmark to the south
HUM:desc Who was Shakespeare?
NUM:period What is the typical age of menopause in women?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of UK?
HUM:ind What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft
HUM:title What title does comedian Henry Youngman claim
NUM:temp At what temperature does rubber become brittle?
LOC:city What South American city has the worlds highest commercial landing field
NUM:dist what is the radius of uranus
ABBR:exp What does GER stand for?
HUM:gr What do we call millennials?
ENTY:other What stringed weapon fires a bolt
LOC:water What connects to the Atlantic Ocean?
HUM:gr How are alliances?
HUM:desc Who is Johnny Carson
LOC:country What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude
ENTY:cremat What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmys World
NUM:weight What is the weight of a grain?
ENTY:currency What is the zloty?
LOC:mount How tall is Fuji?
LOC:state What is a special district?
LOC:country What is the capital of Spain?
NUM:ord in which episode of star trek was that
ENTY:lang How many people speak Vietnamese?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym FBI
ENTY:body How many lobes does the brain have?
ENTY:sport What sport is known for hooligans
NUM:count How many continents are there
LOC:other Where is the Virtual Desk Reference
DESC:reason Why do enzymes catalyze?
NUM:ord Which position were you in the queue
HUM:title What is a Manager?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Exabyte?
ENTY:techmeth What is the process for desalination?
DESC:reason Why can t ostriches fly
ENTY:cremat What movie told of Anna Andersons claim to be a Russian czars daughter
ENTY:symbol What is the √ symbol used for?
NUM:money What is a college education cost?
NUM:speed What is a bullet speed?
ENTY:letter What letter is used for lead on the periodic table?
NUM:count How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998
ENTY:color What is the color wheel?
ENTY:symbol people from various cultures misunderstand this symbol, what is the symbol
NUM:date In what year was the Wall built
LOC:landmass Where is Iberian Peninsula?
ENTY:animal What is a tortoise?
NUM:ord What chapter of the Bible has the most verses
LOC:city What is Rome?
HUM:ind Tell me about Leonardo da Vinci
ENTY:techmeth What is cryptocurrency?
ENTY:instru What is the magnification of a standard telescope?
ENTY:body How many chambers does the urinary bladder have?
ENTY:plant Where do lemons grow?
ENTY:currency What is the South African rand?
ENTY:body What does the capillary do?
NUM:date When was the telephone invented
DESC:reason Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929
DESC:desc How are thoughts?
NUM:speed How fast is a car?
ENTY:currency What is the Brazilian real?
ENTY:dismed What causes whooping cough?
HUM:ind Who discovered oxygen
DESC:desc Describe the Statue of Liberty
ENTY:sport How is marathon played?
NUM:volsize what size do you wear
ENTY:color What color is pink?
ENTY:event What was the name of the U.S.s first manned space program
ENTY:product What do you use a dishwasher for?
ENTY:letter What is diacritics?
NUM:money What is inflation?
ENTY:dismed What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome
DESC:manner How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb
DESC:manner In what manner do florists arrange?
ENTY:techmeth How does Gibbs sampling function?
DESC:reason What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism
ENTY:color What color is most often used to symbolize truth
NUM:date When did they canonize the Bible
ENTY:substance What is sugar?
NUM:perc How much is wetland?
DESC:manner How is Paraguay for vacations
DESC:manner What is the method for paint a wall?
NUM:date When was the first flush toilet invented
ENTY:cremat What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylos baby girl has
ENTY:religion What is Scientology?
NUM:perc What percentage of children have access to education?
ENTY:cremat How are cemetery plots maintained?
LOC:other Where can I get mailing lists
ENTY:veh What is a trailer?
ENTY:instru How many valves does a trombone have?
DESC:reason What is Garry Kasparov famous for
ENTY:food How is couscous prepared?
ENTY:techmeth What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of
NUM:date When is President Nixons birthday
ENTY:body How many chambers does the stomach have?
ENTY:body How does the epidermis renew?
ENTY:body How do lungs?
ENTY:sport What is boxing?
DESC:manner In what manner do police enforce law?
DESC:desc How is wonder described amazingly?
ABBR:abb What does UN mean?
HUM:ind What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of less is more, and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Arabic alphabet have?
HUM:desc Who founded Apple?
ENTY:color What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon
NUM:dist How many miles between Atlantic and Pacific?
LOC:mount Where are the Sierra Nevada?
NUM:volsize What is the size of a standard swimming pool?
HUM:title Who painted Water Lilies?
ABBR:exp What does MNG expand to?
ENTY:food What are chilis?
ENTY:letter What is the vowel in grammar?
ABBR:exp What does MWI expand to?
DESC:desc What elements create a detailed portrait?
ENTY:food What is chocolate made from?
NUM:speed What is the average speed of the horses at the Kentucky Derby
ENTY:dismed What is stroke?
HUM:title What is the role of a Supervisor?
ENTY:instru What is a Drums?
DESC:manner In what way do statisticians analyze?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Gigahertz?
ENTY:food How do bulbs grow?
ENTY:cremat What is a power of attorney?
ENTY:food What are peas?
DESC:manner How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium
ENTY:lang Where is Thai spoken?
DESC:def How do innovations spread?
DESC:reason What causes extremes?
ENTY:food What is the great American family cereal
ENTY:body Where is the skull?
ENTY:lang What is Italian known for?
ENTY:letter What is a calligraphy?
NUM:ord What is the fifteenth book in the series?
ENTY:currency What is the dollar?
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a conference talk?
ENTY:animal What makes parasitism harmful?
ENTY:dismed What is aspirin?
ENTY:techmeth How does augmented reality work?
ENTY:body How does the thymus develop lymphocytes?
ABBR:exp What does IOC stand for
LOC:other Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet
ENTY:color What color is a orange?
NUM:perc What percentage of the body is skin?
ABBR:abb SSH abbreviates what?
ENTY:veh What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked
LOC:mount What is the tallest mountain in Japan?
NUM:dist What is the length of the Nile River?
DESC:reason Explain why we need sleep
HUM:desc What is a physicist?
ENTY:currency What currency does Japan use?
DESC:def What is meant by the term yield to maturity in reference to bonds
NUM:other How many stars are visible to the naked eye?
NUM:temp At what temperature does water freeze in Fahrenheit?
DESC:desc How is regression described retroactively?
ENTY:product What do you use a smartwatch for?
NUM:volsize How much space does the human brain occupy in the skull?
ENTY:food How are probiotics beneficial?
NUM:perc What percentage are young adults?
HUM:desc Describe a typical professor
ENTY:product Which air purifier removes allergens?
ENTY:religion How many Mormons are there?
ENTY:product What is a gaming peripheral?
HUM:gr What is a politicians?
ENTY:body What does the skull do?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word assassinate
ENTY:other What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam
ENTY:animal what is The slowest Animals In The World
ENTY:product What steam iron removes wrinkles?
ENTY:religion What is the primary religion in Israel?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a supersonic jet?
ENTY:letter What letter denotes the independent clause?
LOC:country What continent is Nigeria in?
ENTY:food What is milk made from?
NUM:period What is the average lifespan of a cat?
ENTY:symbol what are pictograms used to convey information useful to travelers without using words known as
ABBR:abb What does MB hold?
ENTY:food What is salmon made from?
ENTY:body How many blood vessels are in the human body?
ENTY:food Where does chocolate come from?
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for intelligent?
ENTY:veh What is the payload capacity of a quad bike?
DESC:manner How do you get bubblegum out of carpet
DESC:def What is a mathematical factor
ENTY:food What is Banana?
DESC:def What is a bone marrow transplant
ENTY:animal What animal causes the biggest threat to humans
ENTY:currency What is an exchange rate?
NUM:count How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into
DESC:manner In what manner do exiles exile?
LOC:landmass What is Scandinavia?
NUM:temp At what temperature does yeast die?
LOC:country What country contains Africas northernmost point
ENTY:plant What is a flower?
NUM:code What is the binary code for vertical tab?
ENTY:symbol What does the crescent represent?
NUM:ord What is the ninth planet?
ENTY:food What is sauerkraut?
DESC:def What is the meaning of CPR
NUM:code How are area codes assigned?
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Istanbul?
ENTY:instru What is a drums used for?
ENTY:instru How do you use a drill?
HUM:gr Who are the refugees?
DESC:manner What is the method for yoga?
ENTY:product What is a tablet made of?
ENTY:animal what is the smallest bird and the smallest warm-blooded vertebrate
HUM:ind Tell me about George Washington
ABBR:exp What does MYS represent?
ENTY:cremat What film ends with the line This is Mrs. Norman Maine
LOC:country Tell me about India
ENTY:body What does the nail do?
ENTY:instru What is the function of a refractometer?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for bits per second?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of skiing?
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym URL
HUM:title How does a manager function?
DESC:reason What causes nausea?
ENTY:instru How many keys does a saxophone have?
NUM:period How long is a century?
ENTY:veh What is the weight distribution in a balanced vehicle?
ENTY:plant What does a maple look like?
ENTY:food Which is heavier - cream or milk
LOC:other What are some good fractal web sites
HUM:title What is a Deputy?
DESC:def What is an interjection?
ENTY:cremat What was the first English play written exclusively for children
NUM:weight How many tons of molten bell metal and how many tons of copper is needed to make 100 tons of Gunmetal
LOC:city What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in
DESC:reason What is the reason the sky is blue?
NUM:perc What percentage is manufacturing?
ENTY:body What is the pressure in human arteries?
DESC:manner How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings
NUM:count How many hours in a day are there?
NUM:code What does error code 502 mean?
DESC:reason Why do girls have to wear training bras
ENTY:animal What is a female rabbit called
ENTY:instru How does a trumpet sound?
ENTY:sport What is gymnastics?
ENTY:letter What is the least commonly used letter in English?
ENTY:product What do you use a radio for?
NUM:count How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes
HUM:desc What does a dermatologist do?
ENTY:product What is Barbie?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of soccer?
ENTY:veh How many gears does a semi-automatic transmission have?
ABBR:exp What does UGA stand for?
NUM:other How many websites exist on the internet?
ENTY:substance What is concrete?
NUM:code What does error code 404 mean?
DESC:def What is a biologist
NUM:speed How quickly can a sloth move when threatened or hurried?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of China?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a human skeleton?
ABBR:exp What does KYM expand to?
DESC:manner Describe how to meditation
NUM:money What is the rent?
ENTY:event What was Franklin Roosevelts program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression
HUM:title What is a Queen?
DESC:desc How is art described?
ENTY:substance What is hydrogen?
ENTY:color What is chroma?
LOC:landmass How are gorges formed?
ENTY:word What is the oldest known word in English?
NUM:weight What do Englishmen weigh themselves in
ENTY:veh What is a bulldozer used for?
ENTY:techmeth How does photosynthesis work?
ENTY:techmeth What is machine learning?
NUM:date On what day is Christmas?
ENTY:body What is the length of a human hair follicle?
LOC:state What is a autonomous region?
ENTY:symbol What is the ^ symbol?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for digit 5?
ABBR:exp What does SVN expand to?
HUM:ind What does a historian do?
ENTY:veh What was the sister ship of the Olympic
ENTY:body Which organ in the mouth maintains balance of the middle ear and send the inhaled air to the wind pipe or trachea
ENTY:word What does facetious mean?
DESC:desc What captures interpersonal dynamics?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Texas
ABBR:exp FLOTUS expands to First Lady of the United States?
ENTY:body Where is the tooth?
ENTY:currency What is a bill?
ENTY:food How is cereal made?
NUM:temp At what temperature does nitrogen liquefy?
DESC:desc Can you describe the Statue of Liberty?
HUM:ind What did George Washington do?
ENTY:currency What currency does Argentina use
LOC:other In Poland, where do most people live
HUM:title What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era
NUM:perc What percentage graduated?
LOC:landmass What is Antarctica?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation SSD
ENTY:veh What is the minimum legal tire tread depth in the US?
ABBR:abb What does CLI provide?
DESC:reason Why do brains think?
ENTY:veh What is the structural load rating of a car frame?
LOC:other What was known as the Spice Island
NUM:perc What percentage of the workforce is female?
ABBR:abb What does RAM stand for?
ENTY:letter How many letters are in the English alphabet?
DESC:def What is a sign?
NUM:period How many years ago was the invention of the wheel?
DESC:desc What captures ethnic elements?
ENTY:cremat What is the folklore story regarding birds nests and birds in Christmas trees
ENTY:color What is pastel?
LOC:water What sea separates Naples and Algiers
LOC:landmass What continent is the Dead Sea on?
ABBR:abb What does USA mean?
DESC:desc What conveys artistic elements?
ENTY:product What do you use a desk for?
ENTY:food What do flatfish eat
ENTY:event How are political campaigns conducted?
LOC:country What countrys capital is Lagos
ENTY:word What is a article?
ABBR:abb What does REST stand for?
DESC:def What are tannins
HUM:ind What President once told Gene Autry Please give my regards to your wife Dale
NUM:volsize How many milliliters are in a teaspoon?
ENTY:substance What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of
DESC:reason Why do stomachs growl?
DESC:def What is lexical diffusion?
HUM:title What is a Specialist?
NUM:date When was the first stained glass window made
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes registered trademark?
ENTY:other How are historical records indexed?
DESC:def How do vowel shifts occur?
ABBR:exp What does HRV stand for?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of stings
ENTY:sport What is surfing?
ENTY:color What color are tennis balls
ENTY:food How is anchovy?
DESC:def What is a phrase?
NUM:count How many religions are there?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Israel?
ENTY:body How does the spleen work?
DESC:desc What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers
ENTY:event What new year is celebrated on February 16th
ENTY:cremat What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley
ENTY:currency What is the Russian ruble?
DESC:desc How is season described seasonally?
HUM:title Who painted The Starry Night?
ENTY:other What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mothers pail
ENTY:other What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare
ENTY:other What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board
ENTY:termeq What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins
ENTY:body What dangles over the tongue from the palate
ENTY:termeq What is the former name of Zimbabwe
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a university semester?
LOC:country What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in
DESC:manner How can I search for a word within my own webpage
ENTY:body What is the strongest muscle in the human body
ENTY:veh What is a road roller?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym SSL
NUM:speed What is the speed of wind in a hurricane?
NUM:perc What percentage is the interest rate?
ENTY:food How is coffee processed?
ENTY:color How do weathered colors change?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth is forest?
DESC:desc What is the origin of a.m. and p.m.
ABBR:exp What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliots name
ABBR:exp IMF stands for what exactly?
LOC:other Where is the Eiffel Tower
ENTY:veh What is the payload capacity of a flatbed truck?
ABBR:exp What does MVP expand to?
ENTY:food What food can I use to catch a possum
NUM:money What is the cost of a cup of coffee?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for North Atlantic Treaty Organization?
ENTY:religion Which religion observes Ramadan?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Megabits per second?
NUM:volsize What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard
NUM:date When was the internal combustion engine developed
LOC:landmass What continent is the Himalayas on?
HUM:desc Describe a typical anthropologist
LOC:water Where is the Nile River?
HUM:gr What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with
DESC:def What is a storm surge
ENTY:religion What is Satanism?
DESC:def What do we mean by photosynthesis?
ENTY:techmeth How does particle swarm optimization function?
ENTY:letter What is the etymology of the letter Z?
HUM:desc What is a archaeologist?
ABBR:exp What does MOZ represent?
NUM:dist How many miles between North and South Pole?
LOC:state What four U.S. states have active volcanoes
NUM:period How long does it take for cement to fully cure and harden?
NUM:date What year was the signing of the Magna Carta?
ENTY:substance What is sulfur?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym OLED
NUM:period How many days does food poisoning usually last?
NUM:volsize How large is the Atlantic Ocean?
DESC:def How do parentheses work?
ENTY:sport How is golf played?
NUM:weight Half the weight of a brick plus 20 pounds is equal to 1/3 the weight of the brick plus 30 pounds. How much does the brick weigh
DESC:def How would you define latency?
ENTY:other What does a resurrectionist steal
DESC:reason Why does seasons change?
NUM:period How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy
DESC:manner How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months
ENTY:body Which organ has connections with seven cavities which are 2 nasal cavities, 2 tympanic cavities (cavity which surrounds the bones present in the middle ear), mouth, esophagus, larynx
ABBR:abb What does OS manage?
DESC:desc How is energy described dynamically?
LOC:country Whats the only East european country not tied to the ruble
NUM:speed How fast can a Corvette go
LOC:country Whats the fifth-largest country in the world
ENTY:body How many pairs of nerves extend from the spinal cord?
ENTY:cremat What Shakespeare play opens with the line Now is the winter of our discontent..
ENTY:word What does incarcerated mean?
NUM:period How long does it take to complete a masters degree?
NUM:speed What is the orbital speed of Earth around the sun?
LOC:mount How high is Mount Kilimanjaro?
HUM:gr What professional sports league originated the college draft
DESC:manner How do explorers venture?
ENTY:body What is the ureter?
LOC:mount Where is the highest point in Japan
NUM:dist How far is the moon?
NUM:date What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize
DESC:desc How is weakness described frailly?
ENTY:animal what is the largest land carnivorous animals in the world
ENTY:other Whats the highest hand in straight poker
LOC:city What is Tokyo?
ENTY:symbol What is the ♪ symbol used for?
ENTY:dismed What is the most common cancer
HUM:desc Who is Langston Hughes
NUM:dist How far is it from Moscow to Beijing?
LOC:country What continent is Canada in?
ENTY:veh What were Christopher Columbus three ships
ENTY:veh What is a jet ski?
LOC:state Where is Massachusetts?
NUM:other What is the most-searched term on Google?
LOC:mount What is Denali?
DESC:reason What were the causes of the Civil War
ENTY:animal What makes prey defensive?
HUM:title What is an administrator?
ENTY:product What is a hairbrush?
DESC:desc What personality traits are Capricorns said to have
ENTY:product What do you use a bicycle for?
NUM:dist How many miles between London and Paris?
ENTY:other How are historical objects conserved?
ENTY:animal What is Mississippis state animal
DESC:def What does saute mean
ENTY:sport What is diving?
DESC:def How do pronouns reference?
ENTY:veh How many windows does a Greyhound bus have?
ENTY:body What does the colon do?
ABBR:exp What does BHS expand to?
NUM:temp What temperature does steel melt?
NUM:dist How far is Jupiter from the Sun?
ENTY:plant What is a grain?
HUM:ind Who was Galileo Galilei?
LOC:water What connects to the Dead Sea?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a city bus?
NUM:other What is the number of atoms in the human body?
ENTY:animal How do animals dive?
LOC:landmass What is Asia?
DESC:reason Why are haunted houses popular
ABBR:exp What do the letters in WiFi stand for?
ENTY:veh What is the maximum cruise altitude of a commercial airliner?
ENTY:food How are seeds processed?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths surface is covered by water?
ENTY:food What is hot dog?
DESC:reason What exactly is the purpose of the anteater
ENTY:body Which body system is home to more cancers, and causes more cancer mortalities, than any other organ system in the body
DESC:reason What is Colin Powell best known for
ENTY:other What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with
HUM:ind Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946
DESC:def How do roots form words?
NUM:period What is the average lifespan of a parrot?
HUM:desc What does a veterinarian do?
HUM:ind Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994
ENTY:religion What is humanism?
ENTY:techmeth What is the method for 3D printing?
NUM:perc What percentage of the body is water?
ENTY:product What is Mercedes?
ENTY:veh What is the fuel efficiency in city driving conditions?
ENTY:cremat How does a crematory work?
DESC:manner How do actuaries compute?
NUM:perc What percentage of office workers telecommute?
LOC:city What Russian seaport has a name meaning Lord of the East
NUM:dist how high is the tallest volcano
ENTY:word How many letters does the word supercalifragilisticexpialidocious have?
NUM:date On what day is Thanksgiving?
LOC:city How are zones organized?
ENTY:instru How many strings does a sitar have?
ENTY:word What does ephemeral mean?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of being dirty
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Nigeria?
NUM:date When was President Kennedy shot
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for physician?
ENTY:instru What is the function of a pyrometer?
NUM:weight How much does an adult giraffe weigh?
NUM:period How long was the longest sneezing attack
ENTY:plant What is a tree?
NUM:code What does error code 451 mean?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Italy?
ENTY:product What garment was named for Bradley, Voorhees and Day
NUM:count How many species of sharks are there
NUM:ord What is the twenty-first planet?
NUM:other What is the fastest internet speed available?
ENTY:color What is gray?
HUM:desc Describe a typical composer
NUM:date When do MORMONS believe Christ was born
ENTY:instru What is the function of a camera obscura?
ENTY:termeq Is noisy the same as loud?
LOC:city What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont
NUM:count What is the number of languages?
ABBR:exp What does R.E.M. stand for, as in the rock group R.E.M.
LOC:city What is the capital of Mongolia
ENTY:body What is the skeletal system?
LOC:state What is California known for?
ENTY:word What is a participle?
ENTY:cremat Tell me about mausoleum
NUM:volsize How large is the Amazon?
LOC:country Tell me about Spain
DESC:desc What shows personality through action?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of football?
NUM:other What is the number of active volcanoes?
NUM:date In what year was the cannon invented
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Argentina?
LOC:city What citys the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest
HUM:title What is a dispatcher?
ABBR:abb What does RFI create?
DESC:desc What is the origin of Boxing Day
ENTY:product Which printer is ink-efficient?
ENTY:letter What letter appears most?
ENTY:word What does fugitive mean?
ENTY:lang What is Polish known for?
NUM:perc What percentage of American men are alcoholic
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Radio Frequency Interference?
NUM:volsize what is the size of the smallest organism
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Petabyte?
ENTY:cremat What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler
DESC:manner How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax
ABBR:exp What does U.S.S.R. stand for
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a basketball?
ENTY:color What is green?
NUM:count How much in miles is a ten K run
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym FTP
ABBR:abb In computing, ROM refers to what?
ENTY:color What color is gold?
ENTY:substance How is copper used?
ENTY:veh What is an Uber?
DESC:reason What caused the death of Bob Marley
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym DHCP
ENTY:sport Whats the most popular four-player game of all time
HUM:gr What store claims to be the worlds largest department store
ENTY:color What is disruptive coloration?
LOC:landmass How are valleys?
ENTY:animal What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species
ABBR:abb What does NLP stand for?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Metropolitan Area Network?
ENTY:letter How many vowels does the Spanish alphabet have?
DESC:def What is stigmatization?
NUM:ord In the list of your favorite animals, where are cats
ABBR:abb What does UNESCO mean?
NUM:other What is the number of planets?
ENTY:lang What is German?
ENTY:body How do sebaceous glands lubricate?
NUM:speed What is the maximum speed of a helicopter?
ENTY:color What color is a rose?
DESC:reason What is the reason eclipses happen?
ENTY:word What does diaphanous mean?
ENTY:product What is Samsung Galaxy?
ENTY:color What color is a parrot?
ENTY:food How are condiments?
NUM:perc What percentage is the unemployment rate?
NUM:ord What is the second number?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym HDD
HUM:desc What is the role of a coach?
ENTY:veh What is the battery capacity of hybrid vehicles?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Queen?
HUM:desc What is an artist?
ENTY:body What is the function of the diaphragm?
NUM:code What is the octal code for line feed?
NUM:period How old is Jeremy Piven
HUM:desc What is a doctor?
HUM:gr What company produces Spumante
ABBR:exp What does the blue ribbon stand for
HUM:desc What does an audiologist diagnose?
HUM:desc How does a dermatologist diagnose skin conditions?
LOC:water Where is the Strait of Gibraltar?
HUM:gr What is a team?
ABBR:exp What does SIDS stand for
ENTY:food What are candies?
NUM:dist How wide is the Milky Way galaxy
DESC:reason Why do ice ages occur?
DESC:desc What good are mosquitoes
ENTY:body What is the function of the optic nerve?
ENTY:animal What makes cognition variable?
ENTY:animal How do animals speciate?
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a dental cleaning?
HUM:gr How are groups?
ENTY:product What is a scissors?
ENTY:food Where does blueberry come from?
NUM:other What is the population of China
DESC:def How do dangling modifiers occur?
ABBR:abb What does LASER stand for?
ENTY:animal How do primates live?
ENTY:animal What is the friendliest dog breeds in the world
NUM:ord Who came in fourteenth place?
ENTY:other What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans
ENTY:body What are white blood cells?
LOC:other Where is Ocho Rios
DESC:manner In what way do mentors advise?
ENTY:currency What currency does Finland use?
NUM:speed How fast can Usain Bolt run?
ENTY:animal What is a elk?
ENTY:food What makes legumes important?
ENTY:animal How do animals use magnetic fields?
HUM:title What is a Chancellor?
DESC:desc Whats new in the postal world in 1999
ENTY:symbol What does the percent sign represent?
ENTY:word What is another word for end?
ABBR:exp What does BLR expand to?
ENTY:body What does the muscle do?
LOC:landmass What is Balkans?
LOC:state What is an exclave?
NUM:money What is the federal minimum wage
LOC:country What continent is Australia in?
ENTY:religion What is Orthodoxy?
DESC:def What do we mean by communism?
ENTY:symbol How is the _ symbol used?
ENTY:animal What animal has the best hearing
DESC:def What is Smartnet
NUM:dist A killer shark, attacking a fishing boat, swims at a speed of 13m/s for half a minute. How far does it swim in this time
NUM:date What date is Easter?
ABBR:exp What does COK represent?
ENTY:lang What is the primary language of the Philippines
NUM:money How much does a smartphone cost?
DESC:reason Why is the moon has craters?
NUM:count How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles
ENTY:event What happened during Cannes Film Festival?
LOC:other Where did King Francis I hang the Mona Lisa when he owned it
HUM:title What rank is Chancellor?
HUM:ind Who is the head of the World Bank
ENTY:event What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight
ENTY:dismed How is heart disease treated?
NUM:count Count the continents
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym ROM
DESC:desc What conveys facility?
ENTY:animal Which mosquitos bite draws blood, DT NN CC DT NN
ENTY:sport How is wrestling performed?
DESC:manner How do you make a paintball
HUM:ind What is the real name of the singer, Madonna
NUM:dist What is the elevation of St. Louis, MO
LOC:city What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco
NUM:perc Independent silversmiths account for what percentage of silver production
NUM:volsize how big was the universe 1 second after the big bang
ENTY:word What does repressed mean?
LOC:city What country is Moscow in?
NUM:code In ZIP codes, why do some end with a four-digit extension?
ENTY:religion What is Unity Church?
NUM:volsize How large is Mount Everest in volume?
NUM:speed What is the speed of Mach 1 at sea level?
DESC:reason Why do beliefs form?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of the Milky Way galaxy?
ENTY:food What is chocolate?
ABBR:abb What does STEM represent?
ENTY:dismed Name a stimulant
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of India?
LOC:other What attracts tourists to Reims
ENTY:body What does the brain do?
NUM:temp What is the temperature in an unknown location?
ENTY:techmeth How does natural language processing work?
DESC:desc Can you describe the Aurora Borealis?
ENTY:letter What is the shape of the letter T?
ABBR:abb What does HTTP use?
LOC:country Tell me about Italy
ENTY:techmeth How does WiFi transmission work?
ENTY:word What is a word that means expensive?
ENTY:event When did the Reformation occur?
ENTY:veh How many heat dissipation areas are in an engine?
HUM:ind Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman
ENTY:plant What is corn?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a hurricanes wind at the outer bands?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym IR
DESC:manner In what way do musicians perform?
ENTY:animal Who was the first animal into space
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Sweden?
HUM:desc Who is Terrence Malick
ENTY:color What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in
NUM:volsize What is the size of a car?
ABBR:exp GPU means what in full form?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of the Mariana Trench at its deepest?
ENTY:instru How many pedals does a drum kit typically have?
HUM:gr What diamond producer controls about 80% of the worlds diamonds
HUM:title what do you call someone that produces food
LOC:city Tell me about Paris
ENTY:food What is grape made from?
DESC:reason What causes congestion?
ABBR:abb What does UV stand for?
ENTY:product What is Ford?
NUM:date What year was the telephone invented?
ABBR:exp SOAP stands for what exactly?
DESC:manner In what manner do reviewers assess?
ENTY:cremat What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower
ENTY:instru What is a banjo used for?
HUM:title What is a Chief?
DESC:desc What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy
ENTY:animal What makes chemical trails important?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in HDMI stand for?
LOC:water What are the worlds three largest oceans, in order of size
LOC:country Tell me about France
ENTY:symbol What is the - symbol used for?
ENTY:animal What makes navigation critical?
LOC:other In what part of the world is Mozambique
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Australia?
ENTY:sport What famed tennis tournaments mens singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win
HUM:desc What does a professor do?
DESC:desc Tell me about the Aurora Borealis
ENTY:body Where is the brain?
NUM:count How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo
ENTY:techmeth What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness
HUM:title Who directed Avatar?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures density?
ENTY:lang Which language is the oldest written?
ENTY:animal What is the deadliest animal in the world
LOC:city What are the twin cities
LOC:state What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list
NUM:period How long is the typical duration of a mortgage?
LOC:country What is the capital of Saudi Arabia?
ENTY:other How are relics preserved?
ENTY:veh What is a motorcycle?
ENTY:religion What do Zoroastrianism followers believe?
DESC:reason What causes warming?
NUM:money What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States
ENTY:sport How is boxing played?
NUM:other How many forests are there globally?
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym?
ENTY:event When did the Vietnam War occur?
ENTY:word What is the longest word in the dictionary?
ENTY:body What are short bands of tough fibrous connective tissue that function to connect one bone to another, forming the joint
NUM:speed What is the speed of the fastest recorded pitch in baseball?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for lead on the periodic table?
ENTY:product What blender makes smoothies?
ENTY:veh What is a helicopter?
DESC:desc What conveys plenty?
HUM:title What is an executive?
LOC:other What California desert is dubbed High Desert
ENTY:color What is brightness?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for vertical tab?
DESC:desc What were the first words spoken on a film sound track
ENTY:substance What is vinegar?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Corporal?
NUM:date When was Calypso music invented
ENTY:sport How is skateboarding performed?
ENTY:veh How many anchor points does a car seatbelt have?
ENTY:product What do you use a computer for?
ENTY:product What is the latest iPhone model?
ENTY:body What are the testes?
LOC:state What is a region?
ENTY:letter What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda
ENTY:lang How many people speak Greek?
HUM:gr What is the name of the chocolate company in San Francisco
ENTY:word How many words are in the English dictionary?
NUM:code What does error code 302 mean?
HUM:gr Who manufactures the software, PhotoShop
ENTY:veh How does a tank work?
NUM:speed How fast can a hippopotamus run in short bursts?
ENTY:food What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer
DESC:manner How do seamstresses hem?
ENTY:other How are historical documents archived?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of Lake Baikal?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a human liver?
ENTY:techmeth How does 5G network work?
ENTY:body Where is the mouth?
NUM:volsize How large is Greenland?
ENTY:symbol What symbol do you fail to understand
NUM:temp At what temperature does aluminum foil ignite?
DESC:desc What will a compass do in outer space
DESC:desc What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs
ENTY:veh How deep is an oil pan in a typical car?
NUM:weight How much does a heart weigh?
ENTY:product What product is for kids, and not for silly rabbits
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of HTTP?
ENTY:dismed What is Ebola?
NUM:count How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged
ABBR:exp What does NECROSIS mean
HUM:title what do you call a person that sells books
ENTY:product What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars
ENTY:color What color is indigo?
NUM:dist How many miles between Sydney and Auckland?
LOC:state What is a territory?
NUM:perc What percent of the population lives in cities?
ABBR:abb ATP is an abbreviation for what?
DESC:reason Why do resources deplete?
ENTY:substance What is a camel hair brush actually made out of
HUM:gr How is a partnership organized?
NUM:date When was the Renaissance?
ENTY:veh What is a hatchback?
DESC:desc How are scents described olfactorily?
NUM:other What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult
NUM:perc What percentage is the tax rate?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a standard loaf of bread?
ABBR:exp What does SVK represent?
DESC:def How does decoding work?
HUM:title What is the role of a Ambassador?
HUM:ind Who claimed he killed 4, 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway
HUM:desc Who discovered penicillin?
NUM:perc What percentage of DNA is thymine?
ENTY:body What is the function of the kidney?
ENTY:animal How do animals jump?
HUM:gr What is a employees?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in SSH stand for?
ENTY:word How many words did Shakespeare invent?
ENTY:dismed How does mumps develop?
NUM:dist How far is New York from London?
NUM:other What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing
DESC:reason What causes foreclosure?
DESC:def What does target heart rate mean
DESC:manner How do I install a tile floor
ENTY:cremat What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder
ENTY:body Where is the liver?
ABBR:abb What does ATP stand for?
ENTY:food What is apple made from?
ENTY:food What is fish made from?
NUM:other How many religions exist?
ABBR:exp What is RCD
ENTY:sport What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for yen?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Indonesia?
ENTY:substance What is the birthstone for June
LOC:landmass How are ridges formed?
LOC:country What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths gravity pulls toward the sun?
ENTY:other What is a lesser-known mineral that scientists study?
ENTY:techmeth What method is used for PCR testing?
ENTY:instru What device measures inductance?
ENTY:word What does downtrodden mean?
ABBR:abb MVP is an abbreviation for what?
ENTY:body How many ribs does a human have?
ABBR:abb What does WLAN provide?
HUM:ind How are mathematicians?
NUM:count How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule
ENTY:animal How do animals use echolocation?
NUM:count How many countries are in Africa?
NUM:volsize How large is the Sahara Desert?
NUM:perc What percentage of animals are arthropods?
NUM:code What is checksum?
LOC:city Whats the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes
ENTY:currency What is the currency of the United Kingdom?
NUM:period How old is Benny Carter
ENTY:body What does the stomach do?
ABBR:exp ASAP expands to As Soon As Possible?
NUM:other How large is Missouris population
ENTY:veh What is a limousine?
LOC:country What is the capital of Australia?
DESC:def How does bilingual acquisition happen?
DESC:reason Why do bacteria multiply?
ENTY:symbol what sign means you cant turn right
NUM:volsize What is the volume of air in a typical human lung capacity?
NUM:money How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendys to say Wheres the beef
ENTY:body How does the pituitary regulate?
HUM:desc What does a gastroenterologist do?
ENTY:veh What is a convertible?
ENTY:body What is the function of the toe?
ENTY:termeq Is quick the same as fast?
ENTY:color How is gray formed?
ABBR:abb What does RTL write?
ENTY:color What is peach?
NUM:ord Who came in eleventh place?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for slow starting with s?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of black people
ABBR:exp What does DOM stand for?
ABBR:abb What does HTML stand for?
ENTY:techmeth How does Internet of Things work?
ENTY:plant What plants are found in an estuary
LOC:city What is Dubai?
LOC:country Tell me about Saudi Arabia
ENTY:instru How many strings does a banjo have?
LOC:other Where is Hearst Castle, built by publisher William Randolph Hearst
ABBR:exp WiFi is short for what exactly?
ENTY:color What is color forecasting?
ENTY:veh What British Car is held together by superglue
NUM:dist What is the length of the Amazon River?
ABBR:abb What does KPI stand for?
ENTY:sport How is badminton played?
DESC:desc What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings
ENTY:color what is the color of blood
DESC:manner In what manner do tailors measure?
HUM:desc Describe a typical astronaut
ENTY:dismed What is cancer?
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in Vietnam?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for rupee?
LOC:state In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected
DESC:desc What is the origin of barbeque
NUM:count Count the teeth in an adult
ENTY:animal What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh
LOC:city What is the largest city in Germany
NUM:count How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA
ENTY:lang What is the most frequently spoken language in the Netherlands
ENTY:color What color is yellow?
HUM:gr Who are the theists?
ENTY:food What is water made from?
ENTY:substance What is glass?
ENTY:food What do ladybugs eat
ENTY:animal How do animals use symbiosis?
LOC:state What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands
NUM:count What is the number of people?
ENTY:animal What creature scares people in the film Jaws
DESC:manner How do I contact Answers.com direct
NUM:date When did Aldous Huxley write, Brave New World
ENTY:food How is butter made?
NUM:dist How many miles between Tokyo and Beijing?
ENTY:currency What is the Australian dollar?
ENTY:plant What is a rice?
DESC:desc How is anger described furiously?
ENTY:veh What is a ferry?
DESC:manner How do engineers design?
ENTY:cremat What newspaper serves Salt Lake City
ENTY:letter What is the phoneme in grammar?
NUM:speed How fast can a moose run?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Norwegian alphabet have?
ABBR:exp What does PHL represent?
ENTY:food Where does egg come from?
ENTY:color what colors can a blind person see
DESC:reason Why do lungs breathe?
NUM:temp Pure iron melts at 1,535 C. What is the temperature in Fahrenheit
ENTY:veh How does a bulldozer work?
NUM:period How long is employment?
NUM:other How many photos are on Flickr?
DESC:desc What conveys disorientation?
LOC:city How are cities organized?
ABBR:abb UNESCO is an abbreviation for what?
LOC:country What nationality is Pope John Paul II
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds coral reefs have been bleached?
NUM:volsize what is the size of jupiter
ENTY:body How many muscles are in the human body?
ENTY:event What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy
ENTY:body What is the nose?
NUM:period What is the gestation period of an African elephant?
HUM:gr What group included Abbey Hoffman, Jerry Rubin, and Tom Hayden
NUM:temp What is the temperature of liquid nitrogen?
NUM:dist How far is New York from Sydney?
ABBR:abb What does RNA stand for?
LOC:country Tell me about Portugal
ENTY:dismed What is metformin?
ENTY:food What fast food is prepared with a secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ?
ENTY:body What does the cerebellum do?
HUM:ind What did Dante do?
DESC:def What is sexist language?
NUM:period How long has L.L. Cool J. been married
ENTY:plant Which plant is used to make chocolate?
DESC:manner How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com
HUM:title What is a Lieutenant?
ENTY:animal How big is a flamingo?
ENTY:body What is the nail?
NUM:temp Room temperature is often used in calculations as 300 K. What is the temperature in Fahrenheit
DESC:manner Describe how to catch a fish
ENTY:termeq Whats the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
ENTY:cremat What magazine gives us the cream, not the skim
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter P in English?
NUM:money What is the cost of electricity per kWh?
ENTY:letter How are vowels pronounced?
ENTY:event Tell me about the American Revolution
ENTY:instru What is a fork?
ENTY:veh What is the fuel capacity of a cross-country moving truck?
DESC:manner How is cologne made
HUM:title When not adventuring on Rann, what does Adam Strange call his profession
ENTY:substance What is plastic used for?
HUM:gr What is a contractors?
DESC:reason Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California
NUM:other What is the most-viewed video on YouTube?
LOC:state What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym IMF
LOC:country What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis
ENTY:body What is the heart chamber?
ENTY:instru What is a Acoustic Guitar?
NUM:speed How fast is a 45Mhz processor
NUM:dist How far is London from New York?
ENTY:animal What makes trotting efficient?
LOC:landmass Where is Ireland?
LOC:country What are the Nordic nations
NUM:perc What percentage of plastic waste is recycled?
ENTY:body What is the nerve?
HUM:title What does a governor do?
NUM:money What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000
NUM:weight how much does an elephant weigh
NUM:count What is the number of states of India?
NUM:ord The number two is the first even number. In the sequence of natural numbers, what is its the position
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a voltmeter?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a piano?
ABBR:exp What is NATO?
LOC:other Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located
ENTY:animal What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century
ENTY:other What is a historical record?
ABBR:abb In computing, FTP refers to what?
ABBR:abb RNA is an abbreviation for what?
NUM:count How many people did Randy Craft murder
ENTY:event What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939
ENTY:color How do triadic schemes work?
HUM:gr What cigarette company urged us, Come to where the flavor is ?
ABBR:exp What does RCA stand for
NUM:date What year did the United States pass the Copyright law
ENTY:animal What horse did Zorro ride
ENTY:body How do receptors sense touch?
ENTY:plant Where do barleys grow?
LOC:water How is the sea?
ABBR:exp SEC stands for what exactly?
DESC:manner How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem
NUM:count How many days in a year are there?
ENTY:veh What is the corrosion resistance rating of vehicle paint?
ENTY:body What is the function of the skin?
HUM:ind What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands
NUM:period How old was Joan of Arc when she died
ABBR:abb What does MVC stand for?
DESC:reason Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back
NUM:count How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names
HUM:gr What is the worlds largest distilling company
NUM:period How many minutes are in a school day?
ABBR:exp What does SGS represent?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal form of 3?
ENTY:instru What is a saw?
ENTY:cremat What was Mae Wests last film
NUM:period How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars
LOC:state What is New York known for?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures specific heat?
ENTY:animal What is a owl?
ENTY:veh What is a fire truck?
ENTY:body How do seminal vesicles produce?
HUM:ind Who were the Picts
LOC:mount What country has Mount Elbrus?
NUM:weight How much does a baseball weigh?
NUM:count How much of the nations children between the ages of two and eleven watch The Simpsons
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of cholera
ENTY:body Where is the leg?
ENTY:sport What was Dwight Eisenhowers favorite card game
ENTY:techmeth How does virtual reality work?
NUM:code What is the octal code for form feed?
NUM:ord What is the third planet?
NUM:date What year did the Milwaukee Braves become the Atlanta Braves
NUM:perc What percentage of the population is estimated to have ADHD?
ENTY:symbol the silhouette of a broken wine glass is a shipping symbol, list 10 others
ABBR:exp What does COM represent?
NUM:dist How far is Venus from Earth?
ENTY:veh What is the water fording depth of SUVs?
ENTY:cremat How are memorial services held?
DESC:desc What is the Sahara Desert like?
NUM:money What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker
NUM:date When is New Years Day?
LOC:country What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979
NUM:weight What is the weight of a human fingernail?
LOC:state What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline
NUM:perc What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina
ENTY:word What is the most misspelled word in English?
ENTY:body How do fallopian tubes transport?
ABBR:abb What does TCP manage?
LOC:landmass Where is Europe?
ENTY:food How is vinegar made?
ENTY:other What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins
LOC:landmass How are fjords formed?
LOC:city Tell me about Dubai
DESC:def What is relative humidity
ENTY:cremat What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang
HUM:desc What does a ophthalmologist do?
ENTY:body What is the function of the lacrimal glands?
LOC:country What countrys royal house is Bourbon-Parma
NUM:other How fast does light travel in water?
NUM:count How many islands exist?
HUM:gr Rotary engine cars were made by what company
ENTY:color How does HSL model work?
ENTY:event When did the Super Bowl occur?
HUM:desc What does a composer do?
LOC:city Tell me about Prague
ENTY:lang What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun
NUM:speed What is the speed of light in vacuum?
HUM:ind How are journalists?
LOC:city What country is Dublin in?
ENTY:color What is teal?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of UK?
ENTY:animal How big is a owl?
NUM:date When was World War II?
ENTY:instru What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments
ENTY:symbol What is the ↓ symbol used for?
ENTY:body What are muscle fibers?
ENTY:currency What currency does Turkey use?
LOC:landmass What is a plateau?
ENTY:termeq Aspartame is known by what other name
DESC:desc How is prose described?
HUM:desc Who is Prince Naseem Hamed
NUM:temp What is the temperature of dry ice?
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in Argentina?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of UV?
ENTY:cremat What Kennedy was married to Ethel
HUM:title What is a Archbishop?
NUM:speed How fast can a swimmer swim?
HUM:ind What did Plato do?
ENTY:techmeth Whats the easiest way to remove wallpaper
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earths interior is molten?
HUM:title What is a Emperor?
NUM:date When is Valentines Day?
ENTY:animal What animal has been called The Poor Mans Cow
ENTY:cremat Name a movie that the actress, Sandra Bullock, had a role in
ENTY:letter How many diacritical marks are used in French?
DESC:manner What do I have to do to get good grades in school
ENTY:instru How do you use a violin?
ENTY:color What is a common indigo item?
ENTY:color What is the frequency of blue light?
LOC:mount How high is Mount Blanc?
NUM:code What is the octal code for backspace?
NUM:code What is the binary code for escape character?
ENTY:plant Where do lilys grow?
ENTY:product What is a car made of?
LOC:country What continent is Kenya in?
NUM:count What is the population of Germany?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to slow?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Cardinal?
ENTY:event Tell me about the September 11 attacks
ENTY:termeq What is a term for behavior, appearance, or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality
NUM:ord Who came in second place?
ENTY:cremat What is a crematory oven?
ENTY:other What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet
LOC:other Where is the actress, Marion Davies, buried
LOC:country What countrys northernmost city is Darwin
LOC:mount What is the fourth highest mountain in the world
NUM:other What is the average hourly rate of American workers
ENTY:lang What is the official language of Brazil?
NUM:period What is the duration of old age?
ENTY:techmeth What is support vector machines?
ENTY:animal How do birds reproduce?
ENTY:cremat In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy
ENTY:food How is cattle raised?
NUM:money How much does a car cost?
ENTY:event When did World War I occur?
NUM:period How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled
HUM:ind How does a journalist report?
NUM:weight how many grams of sugar do you put in your coffee
DESC:reason Why do fish swim?
ENTY:instru How do you use a blood pressure cuff?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Earl?
DESC:def What does antidisestablishmentarianism mean
NUM:code Can you tell me what the error code E404 means in web browsers?
ENTY:termeq What is another name for vitamin B1
ENTY:body What is the density of human bone?
ENTY:food Whats the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby
ENTY:product What is a mirror made of?
NUM:dist What is the distance in miles from the earth to the sun
ENTY:other How are historical sites protected?
ENTY:body How many neurons exist?
NUM:ord What is the twentieth book in the series?
HUM:desc What does an epidemiologist do?
DESC:manner How do you tie a knot?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for quiet starting with s?
ENTY:instru What is the function of a protractor?
DESC:reason Why are lions called King of the Jungle
HUM:title What rank is Duchess?
ENTY:color What is khaki?
ENTY:animal How do animals spread pathogens?
NUM:weight How much does a newborn weigh?
ENTY:termeq How are definitions written?
NUM:money What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly
ENTY:animal What characteristics define mammals?
ENTY:other What are the seven wonders of the world
DESC:def What is idealab !
HUM:ind Who won the Superbowl in
DESC:reason What causes division?
LOC:city What citys airport is named Logan International
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Australia?
ABBR:exp What does pH expand to?
HUM:desc Describe a typical veterinarian
ENTY:substance Whats the most abundant element in the sun
DESC:reason Why do winds blow?
ENTY:animal What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for
ENTY:event What was President Lyndon Johnsons reform program called
NUM:date When did the Star-Spangled Banner become the national anthem
LOC:city What is Amsterdam?
ENTY:veh How many wheels does a standard semi-truck tractor have?
ABBR:exp CNN is an acronym for what
ABBR:abb What does SUV stand for?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Wireless Local Area Network?
LOC:city What is the largest city in Connecticut
ENTY:lang Where is Dutch spoken?
LOC:other Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan
ENTY:animal How do arachnids move?
NUM:money Dialing, 900, 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much
DESC:def What is language change?
DESC:desc What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy
DESC:desc What conveys correspondence?
ENTY:color How do colors influence behavior?
NUM:dist How far is New York from Berlin?
LOC:city What country is Barcelona in?
ENTY:cremat What Aesops fable has the moral The race is not always to the swift. Slow and steady is bound to win
ENTY:food When its time to relax, what one beer stands clear
DESC:def What does the donation process entail
DESC:def What is being done about the millennium bug
LOC:mount name a mountain that is in the ocean
ENTY:veh What is a flatbed truck?
NUM:speed How fast is a bullet?
LOC:country How is a union governed?
NUM:code How are airport codes formatted?
NUM:dist How far do you have to run if you hit a home run
LOC:city What city is served by Tempelhol Airport
NUM:period What is the legal driving age in most states?
ENTY:body How many bones are in the human hand?
ENTY:food What is Corn?
ENTY:color How do warm colors feel?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Digital Versatile Disc?
DESC:manner How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file
LOC:state Where is Washington?
ENTY:symbol What does the copyright symbol represent?
ENTY:color What is tone?
ABBR:abb What does EU mean?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for dong?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word attic
NUM:period How many hours is a complete workout routine?
LOC:state What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State
DESC:desc How are sensations described sensorily?
NUM:volsize How big is a baby bald eagle
ABBR:exp What does GIN represent?
DESC:reason Why does plants need sunlight?
ENTY:plant What does a oak look like?
ENTY:instru What is the range of a piano in octaves?
ABBR:exp What is DSL
NUM:temp What temperature does honey crystallize?
HUM:ind Who invented the Wonderbra
LOC:country What is the capital of New Zealand?
ENTY:veh What is a submarine used for?
NUM:period What is the typical age of first language learning?
NUM:weight How much does the human adult female brain weigh
DESC:reason Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases
ENTY:cremat How are funeral programs created?
DESC:manner How can I transport files from one computer to another
ENTY:color What is color grading?
NUM:dist what is the length of the tallest tree
DESC:manner How do teachers instruct?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable
LOC:other What is a reserve?
DESC:desc Describe the Colosseum
ABBR:abb SEC is an abbreviation for what?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to happy?
HUM:ind Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp
NUM:perc What percentage of the world uses the internet?
ENTY:other Whats the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries
NUM:period What is Maurizio Pellegrins age
HUM:title What is the role of a President?
ENTY:body How many types of muscle tissue exist?
NUM:period How many months is a human infant considered a newborn?
ENTY:food What are spices?
NUM:period How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs
ABBR:exp FTP means what in full form?
LOC:landmass What is Iberian Peninsula?
DESC:manner How do sentries stand?
ENTY:animal How do animals teach?
NUM:code What does error code 504 mean?
HUM:desc How does a manager work?
ENTY:body How do the brainstem?
NUM:code What does error code 508 mean?
ENTY:letter How many vowels are in English?
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter V in English?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of money
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths oxygen comes from the ocean?
HUM:title Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency
ENTY:religion What religion do Ibadi Muslims practice?
ENTY:body What does the spinal cord do?
LOC:state How are zones designated?
ENTY:food What is tuna made from?
NUM:date When did the Hindenberg crash
ENTY:word What is another term for think?
ENTY:letter What is a vowel?
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a contract term?
ENTY:plant What does a sunflower look like?
ENTY:sport In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular
LOC:landmass How are isthmus formed?
ENTY:word How many double letters does Mississippi have?
ENTY:animal How big is a koala?
HUM:title What is a Vice President?
NUM:period What is the lifespan of a typical car tire under normal driving?
ENTY:body What do we call to the main division of the body where waist, belly button, abdomen and chest are found
DESC:desc How is failure described defeatedly?
NUM:date When was the automobile invented?
DESC:reason What is main reason for that electric vehicles can t be popular nowadays
NUM:dist How far is London from Amsterdam?
NUM:date When was the slinky invented
NUM:dist How far is New York from Mexico City?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for hydrogen on the periodic table?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Armenian alphabet have?
ABBR:abb What does SSD mean?
ENTY:other What took first prize in Omni magazines contest to find the ultimate unanswerable question
LOC:state What is the capital of North Carolina?
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a Geiger counter?
ENTY:animal What is the largest dogs in the world
LOC:mount Where is Mont Blanc located?
LOC:city How are districts?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for User Experience?
ENTY:color What is the hex code for black?
ENTY:color What is sexual dimorphism?
NUM:count How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album
ENTY:veh How fast can a motorcycle accelerate from 0 to 60 mph?
ENTY:event Tell me about the Vietnam War
ENTY:techmeth What is neural networking?
DESC:reason What causes grass to grow?
NUM:count How many colleges are in Wyoming
ABBR:exp What is the full form ofcom
NUM:ord If George Washington was the 1st President of the United States, and John Adams was the 2nd, what number president is Barack Obama
NUM:perc What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S.
ABBR:abb What does WPAN enable?
ENTY:body How do adrenals produce?
ENTY:animal What is the scientific name for elephant
LOC:country What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas
LOC:city What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble
ENTY:currency What is the guilder?
NUM:period What is the average age of retirement?
DESC:reason What causes fractures?
DESC:reason Why should cigarette smoking be banned
ENTY:sport What are the rules of diving?
ENTY:product Which hair care product told us hate that gray, wash it away
HUM:desc What does a surgeon do?
ENTY:veh What is a space shuttle used for?
ABBR:exp HDD means what in full form?
LOC:city What is London?
ENTY:cremat How are grave sites selected?
ENTY:veh How fast can a drag racing car reach top speed?
LOC:landmass What is Balkan Peninsula?
ENTY:word How many syllables does the word otorhinolaryngology have?
HUM:title Who wrote Lord of the Rings?
ENTY:color What is crimson?
ENTY:body How does the dermis contain?
ENTY:cremat What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town
ENTY:currency What currency do they use in Brazil
NUM:money What is the regular price
ENTY:dismed What is anxiety?
ABBR:exp What does JPN stand for?
HUM:ind Who was Carl Sagan?
ENTY:termeq What do we call autumn in other words?
NUM:count How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House
ENTY:techmeth What is neural network?
NUM:perc What percentage of the ocean is unexplored?
DESC:reason Why do deserts exist?
ENTY:word How are quantifiers used?
ENTY:other What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe
HUM:ind What creative genius said Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits
ENTY:color What is color theory?
LOC:landmass Which continent has the most languages?
ENTY:food How is sugar processed?
LOC:state What province is Edmonton located in
NUM:date When did Theo Rousseau paint the Forest of Fontaine
ENTY:other What overalls are named for Dungri, a suburb of Bombay
ENTY:letter How do accents modify?
ENTY:sport What race is 1, 137 miles long
ABBR:exp What does API expand to?
ENTY:substance What is natural gas composed of
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests
DESC:desc What conveys optimism?
ENTY:symbol What does the § symbol represent?
DESC:reason What causes pain?
HUM:gr What defines a division?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Platform as a Service?
ENTY:letter What letter is silent?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of SOAP?
ENTY:other What are close encounters of the first and second kind
ENTY:letter What letter denotes the locative case?
DESC:def How does reference tracking work?
ENTY:religion What religion do Pagans follow?
ENTY:color What color is a lemon?
HUM:ind What was the players name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV
HUM:desc Describe a typical programmer
NUM:code What does error code E403 mean in web?
ENTY:termeq What is syntax?
ENTY:food Madonna advertises for what soft drink
NUM:perc What percentage of marriages end in divorce?
NUM:code What is the binary code for letter A?
HUM:gr What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst
ENTY:word What does rarefied mean?
ENTY:currency How is inflation measured?
LOC:other What is a heritage site?
NUM:dist What is the width of the Pacific Ocean?
ENTY:animal How do animals carry young?
DESC:reason What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush
NUM:date What year was the fall of the Berlin Wall?
ENTY:event What is the Super Bowl?
LOC:country Tell me about Hungary
ENTY:animal How big is a lizard?
DESC:desc What are the side effects of mevacor
HUM:gr Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council
NUM:other What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a standard glass?
LOC:landmass What countries are in Balkans?
ENTY:word What English word contains the most letters
NUM:volsize what was the size of an average female t-rex
ENTY:event What war added jeep and quisling to the English language
LOC:state What is the largest city in Vermont?
ENTY:dismed What is appendicitis?
DESC:def How do symbols represent?
ENTY:animal How do animals shelter young?
DESC:def What is a pronoun?
ENTY:veh What kind of car, inspired Ferruccio Lamborghini to start his own automobile company
NUM:other How loud is thunder
LOC:state What is the capital of Rhode Island?
NUM:money How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach
DESC:reason What caused Harry Houdinis death
DESC:reason What causes deficiencies?
ENTY:color What is ochre?
ENTY:product How does a laptop function?
NUM:period How long is an unspecified duration?
ENTY:food How are sheep?
DESC:def What is the definition of firewall?
DESC:manner How do chefs prepare meals?
LOC:state What populous state covers 49, 576 square miles
DESC:reason Whats natures purpose for tornadoes
ENTY:product What is a lamp?
HUM:title What rank is Marshal?
HUM:gr What organizations offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Colombia?
NUM:weight how much does the cybertruck weigh
ENTY:body What is the function of the throat?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a human heart?
NUM:volsize What is the size of a basketball hoop?
ENTY:dismed What is polio?
ENTY:body What is the function of the mouth?
DESC:desc How is joy described jubilantly?
DESC:manner How do roofers shingle?
DESC:reason Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down
HUM:title How does a Minister lead?
NUM:weight How much does a pound weigh in grams?
DESC:def What is an apostrophe for?
ABBR:exp What does LSO represent?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population owns a home?
DESC:manner How do I sing like Elvis Presley
ENTY:event What was the 2008 financial crisis?
ABBR:abb What does GIS analyze?
LOC:mount What is the height of Sierra Nevada?
ENTY:animal What makes locomotion variable?
ENTY:color How do animals see?
ENTY:event What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896
ENTY:animal How do animals interact with humans?
DESC:manner In what manner do workers labor?
ENTY:plant Where do algaes grow?
DESC:reason Why do coral reefs grow?
LOC:other Where is Santa Lucia
ENTY:symbol What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for
ABBR:abb What does PaaS stand for?
DESC:def What is gemination?
ENTY:food How are game animals?
LOC:mount Which mountain is the highest in the Carpathians?
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym USB
DESC:manner In what way do clockmakers calibrate?
NUM:count In South Korea, how many American Soldiers are there
ENTY:instru What device measures resistance?
ENTY:substance What is oxygen used for?
NUM:money What was the minimum wage in 1991
LOC:mount What country has Cascade Range?
ENTY:religion What is Islam based on?
ENTY:word What is an antonym of fast?
NUM:money How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993
ABBR:abb What is meant by HDMI?
NUM:other What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Amsterdam?
NUM:perc What percentage of customers are satisfied?
ENTY:word What does cryptic mean?
DESC:reason What causes headaches
DESC:def What is an adverb?
ABBR:abb What does SSH stand for?
NUM:period How many centuries since the fall of the Roman Empire?
NUM:volsize What is the size of the smallest known exoplanet?
NUM:count How many plants are there?
ENTY:product Which mouse is wireless?
NUM:speed What is the speed of light
ABBR:exp What does LUX expand to?
ENTY:animal How do animals reproduce asexually?
ENTY:event In what war was the first submarine used
LOC:country What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952
ENTY:event What is Wimbledon?
DESC:reason What is the reason our nails grow?
NUM:count What is the number of islands?
ENTY:lang What is Danish?
ENTY:lang What is Danish known for?
HUM:gr How is a organization organized?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Internet Protocol?
LOC:water Whats the sacred river of India
DESC:reason What is Jane Goodall famous for
DESC:def How would you define irony?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Mexico?
NUM:count How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole
LOC:landmass What is New Guinea?
ENTY:veh How long is the warranty on electric vehicle batteries?
ENTY:color What is color psychology?
ABBR:exp What is SVHS
LOC:landmass Which continent is Iceland on?
ENTY:veh What is a bulldozer?
ENTY:color What is a common purple item?
ENTY:event What World War I battle saw 6, 0 troops killed in one day
ENTY:instru What tool measures angles?
LOC:country What continent is New Zealand in?
DESC:def What is formality?
NUM:count What is the population of Chile?
ENTY:body What is the lung?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard brick?
NUM:temp How hot does the inside of an active volcano get
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word mind
DESC:desc How is growth described developmentally?
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a prison sentence?
ENTY:product What was Americas recessed-filter cigarette
ENTY:animal What is a flamingo?
ENTY:other In Kafkas Metamorphosis, the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what
LOC:country Where is Iran?
ABBR:abb What does PWA stand for?
ENTY:lang Which language has the most sounds?
ENTY:body What is the finger?
ENTY:techmeth How does k-means function?
NUM:count How many letters in the alphabet are there?
LOC:state What is North Carolina known for?
HUM:gr What companys logo is a W in a circle
DESC:manner What is the method for public speaking?
HUM:ind Who was Socrates?
NUM:date When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter H in English?
ENTY:veh What is a RV?
ENTY:animal How do worms reproduce?
LOC:water What connects to the Black Sea?
ENTY:product What do you use a toothbrush for?
ENTY:other What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963
NUM:period How many weeks of pregnancy are considered full-term?
ABBR:exp What does FDA expand to?
ABBR:exp What does MKD stand for?
DESC:reason Why do muscles contract?
HUM:title How are coordinators?
NUM:ord Among your sisters, where do you fall with respect to birth order
ENTY:dismed What does a chiropodist treat
ENTY:word What is an antonym of dark?
ENTY:word What does pedantic mean?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of insanity
ENTY:religion What religion do Hindus follow?
ENTY:letter Whats the largest letter in Salvador Dalis signature
ENTY:word What does delicate mean?
ENTY:body What does the pancreas do?
ENTY:food How is corn grown?
ENTY:animal How big is a elk?
DESC:reason Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen
NUM:count How many states does the US have?
NUM:period How many days do most people take as vacation annually?
ENTY:plant What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England
ENTY:food Where does bread come from?
ENTY:substance What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china
ABBR:exp What does PRI represent?
ENTY:cremat Whats the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience
NUM:date When is the official first day of summer
ENTY:plant What does a apple look like?
ENTY:symbol Where is the cross symbol used?
ENTY:sport What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans
NUM:dist How long is the worlds largest ship, in meters
HUM:title Who wrote The Odyssey?
ENTY:word What does perspicuous mean?
HUM:desc What is a nephrologist?
ENTY:color What are the colors of the German flag
ABBR:exp What does FIN stand for?
LOC:country What country has problems with hooligans
ENTY:other How are historical artifacts transported safely?
ENTY:body What is the capillary?
ABBR:abb What does ASAP mean?
ENTY:event What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899
ENTY:animal What is a leopard?
LOC:water What is the Mediterranean?
NUM:ord What is the twenty-first letter of the alphabet?
LOC:city What is a township?
ENTY:food How is tempeh made?
DESC:desc How are revelations described dramatically?
HUM:ind Who was Winston Churchill?
ENTY:animal What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey
LOC:city McCarren Airport is located in what city
ENTY:dismed How does rheumatoid arthritis develop?
ENTY:word How many letters does the word floccinaucinilicilification have?
NUM:count How many cullions does a male have
ENTY:animal What was the species of Winnie the Pooh
ABBR:exp What does NCL represent?
NUM:dist How far is North and South Pole?
ENTY:animal Tell me about lion
ENTY:veh How wide is a car parking space according to ADA standards?
NUM:temp At what temperature does bread bake optimally?
DESC:reason What causes evasion?
NUM:code What does error code 429 mean?
ABBR:exp What does GIB stand for?
NUM:period How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican
ENTY:food Which is the only edible food that never goes bad
ABBR:abb What does GPU mean?
HUM:ind Who was Napoleon Bonaparte?
LOC:mount What country has Mount Everest?
ENTY:cremat What is a memorial service?
ABBR:abb What is meant by SSD?
NUM:period How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood
DESC:def How does epenthesis work?
DESC:reason Why do animals have different colors?
ABBR:exp FTP is short for what exactly?
ENTY:lang What is Norwegian known for?
ENTY:product What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide
LOC:country Which country is Australias largest export market
NUM:money What was Joe Namaths first contract worth
DESC:desc How is despair described despondently?
DESC:def How do synonyms relate?
DESC:reason What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for
ENTY:color How does color fusion occur?
ENTY:veh How many cylinders does a Rolls-Royce engine typically have?
ENTY:product What is the Rolls-Royce?
DESC:desc What is vivid description?
ENTY:veh How many doors does a Ford F-150 SuperCrew have?
NUM:volsize How much space do all humans occupy if packed together?
ENTY:animal What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church
ENTY:word What does pellucid mean?
DESC:def What is the definition of democracy?
ENTY:event When did the French Revolution occur?
NUM:period How long does a fly live
DESC:def How would you define hormone?
NUM:dist How far is it from Istanbul to Bangkok?
LOC:country Tell me about Israel
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Germany?
NUM:count How many continents are there?
LOC:mount Which mountain is the highest in Europe?
ENTY:veh How far apart are guardrails on highways?
LOC:other Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII
NUM:period How many weeks are there in a year?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths land is forest?
ENTY:religion How many Buddhists are there?
ENTY:sport What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres
NUM:count How many seconds in a minute are there?
ABBR:exp What does LTU represent?
NUM:ord What is third?
ENTY:plant What plant produces the most food?
ABBR:abb What does SEC stand for?
ENTY:animal What is the largest snake in the world
NUM:money What is the minimum wage?
LOC:state What is the capital of Delaware?
DESC:desc What are the benefits of home school
NUM:dist How far is London from Sydney?
DESC:reason Why do volcanoes erupt?
HUM:title What is the role of a Director?
ENTY:color How do pantones work?
DESC:reason What is the claim to fame of Agra, India
LOC:mount What is the height of Mount Blanc?
ENTY:cremat Tell me about requiem
DESC:reason Why do humans need sleep?
ENTY:lang How many people speak French?
HUM:ind What does a philanthropist do?
ABBR:exp What is OPEC?
ABBR:exp Write out SSL in full
NUM:other What is the number of species?
DESC:manner How do builders build?
ENTY:word What does capricious mean?
ENTY:termeq Whats the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Frequently Asked Questions?
NUM:ord What is the thirtieth letter of the alphabet?
ENTY:word What is a pronoun?
ENTY:cremat Whats the sequel to Alices Adventures in Wonderland
DESC:reason Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym CRUD
ENTY:food What is goose?
NUM:code What does error code E451 mean in web?
LOC:other Where is the Loop
ENTY:substance What is acetone?
ENTY:veh How does an airship navigate?
ENTY:veh How long does it take to fully charge a Tesla Model 3?
ENTY:product What is Toyota?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for dirham?
ENTY:instru How many strings does a balalaika have?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of cycling?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of clouds
LOC:country What continent is Russia in?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of CIA?
ENTY:instru How do you use a telescope?
DESC:desc How is complexity described intricately?
LOC:landmass What is Australia?
DESC:def How does Universal Grammar apply?
ENTY:other How are historical maps preserved?
DESC:reason Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles
NUM:code What is the HTML code for delete?
DESC:reason What causes saltwater intrusion?
ENTY:symbol How is the € symbol used?
ENTY:instru Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Thailand?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical snowmobile?
DESC:manner How do calligraphers flourish?
ENTY:symbol name a symbol that seriously contradicts existing standards or conventions
ENTY:techmeth What is biofeedback?
NUM:period How long is a year?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for zloty?
HUM:ind Who is the richest person in the world, without owning a business
NUM:other How many players on a team?
ENTY:dismed What is gastritis?
LOC:water How wide is the Strait of Malacca?
DESC:desc How are weather conditions described?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Chancellor?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of volleyball?
ENTY:termeq How are word forms created?
LOC:country How is a country governed?
ABBR:exp dB stands for what exactly?
LOC:other Where did the world come from
ENTY:animal What makes molting necessary?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of silver?
HUM:title What rank is Bishop?
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes trademark?
HUM:ind Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks
ENTY:food What fruit is Melba sauce made from
ENTY:product What is a washing machine made of?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Germany?
ENTY:event What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899
LOC:state What is the capital of Montana?
NUM:money What is the cost of a college education?
ENTY:techmeth What do sailors use to measure time
ENTY:animal What is the heaviest and tallest Penguin
ENTY:religion Which religion practices baptism?
ENTY:body How do neurotransmitters work?
DESC:manner How do I contact answers.com
LOC:mount Where is Sierra Nevada?
DESC:def How do categories form?
NUM:count How many films did Ingmar Bergman make
HUM:gr What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand
DESC:reason Why do we call someone honey
HUM:gr How are partnerships?
ENTY:termeq Whats the common name for acetylsalicylic acid
NUM:dist How far is it from Hong Kong to Manila?
ENTY:event What was the longest war in U.S. history
ENTY:body How many bones?
ENTY:event What are the ages in comic book lingo
HUM:ind Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns
ABBR:exp What does IRL represent?
NUM:date When was Beethoven born
ENTY:product What is a chair?
HUM:ind Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929
DESC:manner How do speakers talk?
NUM:perc What percentage growth did we achieve?
NUM:money What is the salary of a teacher?
ENTY:body Where is the finger?
LOC:state What is the capital of Hawaii?
NUM:dist What is the distance between two points?
HUM:ind What female suspect in the game of Clue is single
ENTY:termeq What is another word for physician starting with d?
ABBR:exp Write out HDD in full
ENTY:color What are secondary colors?
ENTY:symbol What is the hash tag symbol?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures time?
DESC:manner What is the method for take a photograph?
DESC:reason What causes conflicts?
ENTY:color What color is navy?
ENTY:veh What is a shopping cart?
ENTY:substance What is bleach?
NUM:period How long is a tennis season?
ABBR:exp OLED means what in full form?
ENTY:animal What is a trout?
ENTY:color What is complementary color?
ENTY:sport What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14, 1983, when the temperature hit 111 degrees
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Spain?
LOC:water Where is the Black Sea?
NUM:perc What percentage is the discount?
NUM:code How is ISBN formatted?
DESC:manner How do you public speaking?
ENTY:animal What species is a colt
LOC:country Where is Israel?
ENTY:veh What is a forklift used for?
ENTY:body What does the spleen do?
NUM:date What year was the ATM first introduced
ENTY:instru What device measures cholesterol?
LOC:country What countrys capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged
DESC:reason What is the reason the moon has craters?
LOC:landmass How are isthmuses?
ENTY:dismed How is AIDS treated?
ENTY:food What are pickles?
ENTY:color What is tetrachromacy?
ENTY:animal What is the Ohio state bird
NUM:date When was the Civil War?
LOC:state What state is John F. Kennedy buried in
HUM:gr What U.S. university boasts the largest library
ENTY:animal What distinguishes birds from other animals?
ABBR:exp What does REST expand to?
NUM:perc What percentage of workers are self-employed?
DESC:reason What causes bleaching?
NUM:code What does error code E508 mean in web?
ENTY:religion which religion worships the most deities
ENTY:product What smartwatch has ECG?
NUM:count Count the letters in the alphabet
DESC:desc What are the benefits of a rowing machine
ENTY:color What is color harmony in nature?
ENTY:instru What device measures power?
NUM:code How are color codes represented in hexadecimal notation?
ENTY:animal How do animals pupate?
ENTY:lang What language is mostly spoken in Brazil
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Berlin?
ENTY:body How many kidneys exist?
HUM:desc What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell
HUM:ind Who was Abraham Lincoln?
ENTY:event What is the Grammy Awards?
ENTY:food What is cookie?
HUM:desc What is a criminologist?
NUM:count How many Beatles records went #1
ENTY:currency What money was used by them
ENTY:religion What religion is Religious Science?
ENTY:religion What is Jainism?
DESC:desc What is he doing now
ENTY:instru What device measures seismic activity?
ENTY:lang What is French?
ENTY:word What is a word that is spelled the same backwards?
ENTY:body How many lungs exist?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures speed?
NUM:other How many people are on Facebook?
ENTY:sport What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for
ENTY:product What is a airplane made of?
ENTY:food What is pork made from?
NUM:temp At what temperature does soil freeze permanently?
HUM:title What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called
NUM:period How many days does a cruise ship voyage take?
DESC:manner How do doctors examine patients?
ENTY:color How is olive formed?
LOC:state How are states administered?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Olympus?
DESC:def What do we mean by socialism?
ENTY:body What is the function of the colon?
ENTY:color What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often
ENTY:cremat How does a hearse function?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for symbol @?
ENTY:veh What is the maximum occupancy of a small charter plane?
DESC:def What is narrative structure?
ENTY:animal How do carnivores hunt?
NUM:volsize How large is the human brain?
ENTY:product What is a scissors made of?
ENTY:body How do white cells defend?
NUM:count How many countries are there
NUM:count What is the number of minutes in an hour?
DESC:manner How do you change a tire?
ENTY:body What does the skin do?
DESC:desc What is Franz Kafkas short story A Country Doctor trying to tell us
ENTY:food What is cucumber made from?
ENTY:dismed What is hypertension?
NUM:temp What temperature does iron reach when red-hot?
ENTY:religion How do Buddhists practice meditation?
ENTY:veh What is the towing capacity of a GMC Sierra truck?
ENTY:body How many teeth does an adult human have?
HUM:ind Who invented the toothbrush
NUM:other What is the population of Japan
ENTY:body What is the clitoris?
ENTY:other What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893
NUM:date What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture, Fourth Position Front ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of being alone
DESC:def What does the name Justin mean
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym SSH
ENTY:body What is the nervous system?
ENTY:food What kind of wine is Spumante
LOC:city What city is served by Logan International Airport
DESC:reason Why do humans sleep at night?
NUM:perc Whats the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch The Simpsons
NUM:dist How far is Europe from America?
DESC:manner In what manner do drivers operate vehicles?
NUM:money What is the financial cost?
DESC:reason Why do fevers occur?
LOC:water How salty is oceans?
HUM:gr How are councils?
ENTY:body What is the function of the tooth?
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Barcelona?
ENTY:termeq Whats the green variety of beryl called
ENTY:product What is a monitor made of?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation FTP
DESC:desc What captures governmental feeling?
NUM:temp What is the freezing point?
ABBR:abb FTP abbreviates what?
DESC:reason What is the reason leaves change color in fall?
HUM:gr Whats the name of Pittsburghs baseball team
ENTY:sport What are the rules of surfing?
ENTY:food What is a fat?
HUM:gr George Bush purchased a small interest in which baseball team
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym CPU
ABBR:abb What does ISP provide?
LOC:country What country has the port of Haifa
ENTY:event What are some important events of the 1830s
ENTY:product What toy can you make sleep
ENTY:food Where does ice cream come from?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures visibility?
ABBR:exp WHO stands for what exactly?
ENTY:religion What do Mormonism followers believe?
ENTY:sport What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98
ENTY:body What is the small intestine?
NUM:code What is the binary code for null?
ENTY:substance What is nitrogen?
DESC:reason Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm
ENTY:animal What is a wolf?
ENTY:product What external hard drive is reliable?
ENTY:food What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat
NUM:other How many countries are in the world?
ENTY:instru How many strings does an ukulele have?
DESC:def What is saltpeter
ENTY:event What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania
NUM:speed How fast can a horse gallop?
DESC:reason What causes imbalances?
LOC:city What is a town?
ENTY:termeq What are the spots on dominoes called
NUM:ord what place were you in the game
LOC:other Where is the Henry Ford Museum
LOC:water What river flows through Vienna, Budapest and Belgrade
NUM:date What year did Mussolini seize power in Italy
ENTY:veh What is a space shuttle?
NUM:other How many oceans are there?
ENTY:lang What is the official language of Indonesia?
LOC:landmass What continent is Japan part of?
ENTY:symbol what does the sign for no smoking look like
NUM:period How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records
DESC:def What is deixis?
ENTY:animal What is New Yorks state bird
NUM:other What is the mass of a proton?
LOC:city What country is Singapore in?
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Prague?
DESC:desc How are processes explained in manuals?
ENTY:food How is fiber important?
ENTY:other What defines a cultural movement?
ENTY:religion Which religion practices meditation?
HUM:desc What is a playwright?
NUM:count How many feet are there in a fathom
NUM:code What is the binary code for symbol @?
LOC:water Where is the English Channel?
ENTY:termeq What was another name for East Germany
ENTY:plant What is a oats?
HUM:title Who painted The Birth of Venus?
ENTY:color What colors need to be mixed to get the color pink
ABBR:exp What does the abbreviation cwt.
HUM:gr What college did Joe Namath play football for
LOC:state What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state
ENTY:color What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for escape character?
ENTY:veh What is a canoe?
NUM:ord Are you the first, second or third child
DESC:desc What is a solar eclipse like?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Catalan alphabet have?
LOC:mount How high is Elbrus?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Icelandic alphabet have?
DESC:reason Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say eh ?
ENTY:color How does luminance work?
LOC:other What soviet seaport is on the Black Sea
LOC:city What is Venice?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of the Mariana Trench?
HUM:gr How is a team organized?
NUM:period How many years did World War I last?
NUM:weight 5 of the same bread has the same weight as three bread and 4 kg of fruit. What weight has one bread
DESC:manner How do archaeologists excavate?
LOC:country How is a state governed?
DESC:reason What causes drops?
ENTY:substance What was paper made of in the late 16th century
ENTY:symbol What is the ↑ symbol used for?
ENTY:veh What is a tanker truck?
DESC:manner What is the method for write a letter?
DESC:def What is code-switching?
ENTY:word What is the longest word without repeating a letter?
ENTY:symbol Where is the hash tag symbol used?
DESC:desc What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about
ENTY:other What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl
HUM:desc Who was Whitcomb Judson
HUM:desc How does a technician work?
ENTY:plant What plant is a symbol of peace?
DESC:manner In what manner do criminologists study?
ABBR:abb LASER is an abbreviation for what?
NUM:money How much was a ticket for the Titanic
ENTY:product What programming language is most popular?
ENTY:termeq How are terms standardized?
LOC:mount Which mountain is the highest in the Appalachian range?
NUM:count Count the seconds in a minute
ENTY:dismed How does parkinsons disease manifest?
ENTY:cremat What British TV series inspired All in the Family
ENTY:plant What is wheat?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a kilogram in pounds?
LOC:other Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War, 1642-1649,
ENTY:currency What currency does South Africa use?
NUM:date In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance
DESC:desc Can you describe the Taj Mahal?
ENTY:plant What is Hawaiis state flower
LOC:country What two countries share the Khyber Pass
LOC:country What continent is Italy in?
ENTY:animal What is a salmon?
ENTY:body What is the function of the cerebellum?
ENTY:instru How do you use a scale?
HUM:title What is a Inspector?
NUM:count How many weeks in a year are there?
NUM:period What is the legal age for driving a car in most states?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Manx alphabet have?
HUM:title What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies
LOC:water What is the Nile River?
ENTY:event What was the Super Bowl?
ENTY:body How many follicles does a human scalp have?
LOC:landmass What is a wadi?
ENTY:color How is slate formed?
ENTY:symbol what are printing registration marks intended for
DESC:manner How can I look up someones E-mail address on the Internet
ENTY:animal What makes proprioception important?
ENTY:religion What is Anthroposophy?
ENTY:dismed How is hemophilia treated?
ENTY:animal How do animals swim?
ENTY:dismed What is Parkinsons?
ENTY:animal How do animals show aggression?
NUM:ord How is second written?
ENTY:animal How do animals slither?
ENTY:lang What is the number of speakers worldwide?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for sofa starting with c?
NUM:weight How much does a car weigh?
ENTY:body How many bones are there in the human foot
ENTY:event What series of trials followed World War II
ENTY:body What is the hand?
ENTY:food What spice do chefs pay the most for
LOC:city Where is Dublin?
HUM:ind What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by
ENTY:religion What religion do Druze people follow?
ENTY:event How are shows produced?
DESC:desc What are Christopher Marlowes and Shakespeares literary contributions to English literature
DESC:manner In what way do managers oversee?
ENTY:animal How big is a crocodile?
DESC:desc What does an echidna look like
ENTY:product What is a bookshelf made of?
ENTY:food What are roots?
DESC:desc What are the limits to self-defense ?
NUM:speed How fast does Earth orbit the Sun?
LOC:country What country did King Wenceslas rule
LOC:country What continent is Morocco in?
HUM:desc Who was Nikola Tesla?
NUM:dist how deep is the ocean
ENTY:veh What is a excavator?
ENTY:animal How do animals use venom?
LOC:state What is the capital of Alaska?
ENTY:dismed What is insulin?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the dinar?
ENTY:color How does value differ?
DESC:desc How are thoughts described introspectively?
ABBR:exp How are shorthand notations created?
DESC:reason Why does we yawn?
ENTY:cremat Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones
ENTY:event What are the historical trials following World War II called
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a cubic centimeter?
ENTY:animal What makes freeze response adaptive?
ENTY:cremat Name a Salt Lake City newspaper
ENTY:food What beer is rockin America ?
ENTY:currency What is the exchange rate for dollars to euros?
ENTY:plant Where do roses grow?
LOC:other Where are the tropical rain forest distributions
NUM:dist How long were Tyrannosaurus Rexs teeth
LOC:landmass What continent has the most islands?
ENTY:veh How does a hot air balloon work?
ENTY:veh What is the emergency braking distance from highway speed?
DESC:desc How are cities described urbanly?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Elbrus?
ENTY:word What six words follow the line From a jack to a king..
ENTY:body What is the mouth?
ENTY:sport What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649, the English Civil War time
NUM:dist How far is New York from Bangkok?
HUM:ind Who created Harry Lime
ENTY:techmeth What is the correct way to use may vs. might
DESC:reason Colin Powell is best known for what achievement
NUM:period How old was Elvis Presley when he died
ENTY:religion What is the primary religion in Poland?
HUM:title What rank is Cardinal?
NUM:period How many minutes should you brush your teeth?
NUM:dist How far can a human eye see
ENTY:color What are pigments?
HUM:gr What defines a delegation?
ENTY:sport What is golf?
ENTY:plant What is a banana?
ENTY:letter What is the letter that represents the number 50 in Roman numerals?
DESC:desc Where do chihuahuas come from
LOC:landmass What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea
DESC:def What does ciao mean
ENTY:cremat What movie has made the most money
ENTY:food How is grits made?
NUM:money What is the per-capita income of Colombia, South America,
NUM:other What is a proportion?
ENTY:body What is the hair?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Duchess?
ENTY:veh How many doors does a Toyota Highlander have?
HUM:ind Who plays shortstop for Charlie Browns baseball team
ENTY:veh How much does a fully loaded cement mixer truck weigh?
ENTY:product Which keyboard is mechanical?
ENTY:currency What is the baht?
ENTY:color What is iridescence?
LOC:city What city is graced by the Arch of Titus
LOC:city What is the capital of Persia
LOC:city What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in
ENTY:product What is the Ferrari?
NUM:count How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose
HUM:desc Who is Dear Abby
NUM:temp What is the temperature at the bottom of the ocean?
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of Ñ?
DESC:desc How is chaos described chaotically?
DESC:reason What causes insolvency?
NUM:weight Calculate how many grams of oxygen are in 50 g of carbon dioxide CO2
ENTY:body What are bronchioles?
ENTY:letter What is the alphabet for Persian
NUM:money What is the price of electricity per kilowatt?
NUM:ord What is the eleventh book in the series?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the surname of Braun
ENTY:color is blood blue or red
ENTY:body Where is the foot?
DESC:manner How can you become an FBI agent
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym WHO
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of SEC?
ENTY:body Bile is released from what organ
DESC:reason Why do viruses spread?
NUM:count How many Leos have been Pope
ENTY:religion What is Scientology based on?
ENTY:food What is paella?
LOC:city What makes a territory a city?
HUM:title what is your profession
NUM:dist How far is Singapore from Bangkok?
ENTY:symbol What is the ✗ symbol used for?
NUM:date When was the first Wall Street Journal published
DESC:reason Why do grasslands flourish?
HUM:desc What is the role of a counselor?
HUM:ind Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate
DESC:reason Why do religions teach?
ENTY:instru How many strings does a veena have?
ENTY:color How do dyes absorb?
ABBR:exp What does ETH stand for?
NUM:date What date is Thanksgiving?
ENTY:substance How is phosphorus used?
ENTY:event What was Coachella?
ENTY:word What is the shortest word with all vowels?
NUM:date When does the average teenager first have intercourse
HUM:title What rank is Chief Justice?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to large?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Application Programming Interface?
ENTY:substance What is the Taj Majal made of
ENTY:plant What does a corn look like?
ENTY:color What color is bronze?
ENTY:instru What instrument did Glenn Miller play
NUM:dist How tall was the animated King Kong
NUM:period What is the average lifespan of a dog?
HUM:desc Describe a typical engineer
HUM:gr How is a division organized?
ENTY:food Which mayonnaise refers to itself as real mayonnaise
LOC:mount What is the tallest mountain in Wales?
ENTY:veh What is a forklift?
ENTY:color What is the most popular sports car color
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard car?
NUM:count Count the countries
ENTY:body What are the fallopian tubes?
ENTY:veh What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7, 1989
ENTY:dismed What causes pneumonia?
LOC:other Where is Inoco based
HUM:title what do you do for a living
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for User Datagram Protocol?
LOC:mount Where is Mount McKinley?
ENTY:event When did the 2016 presidential election occur?
HUM:title Who painted The Last Supper?
LOC:water How salty is the Baltic Sea?
DESC:desc What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza
ABBR:exp LCD is short for what exactly?
DESC:manner In what way do rehabilitators reform?
NUM:count How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand
DESC:desc What according to the Kinsey Institute, is the sexual preference of four percent of American males
NUM:date When is the site www.questions.com going to open
NUM:date When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations
LOC:other Wheres the GUM department store
ENTY:food What is quail?
LOC:water What is the ocean?
ENTY:currency What currency is used in Vietnam?
HUM:gr What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat
ENTY:body What is the width of the human trachea?
ENTY:other What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer
ENTY:food Where does milk come from?
LOC:city What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe
HUM:gr Who are the peasants?
NUM:dist How tall is the Sears Building
NUM:count What is the population of Arcadia, Florida
ABBR:exp What does ISL represent?
ENTY:food How is salmon?
ENTY:letter What is the alphabet for Latin
DESC:def How does overlap occur?
ENTY:veh what spaceship boldly went where no man had gone before
LOC:country What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass
ENTY:termeq What is the English translation for the word caliente
LOC:country What is the capital of Ukraine?
ENTY:color What color is indigo
NUM:speed How fast does a cheetah accelerate from rest to top speed?
NUM:dist How far is London from Singapore?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code point system?
ENTY:product What is MacBook?
ENTY:currency What currency is used in Australia
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of hell
DESC:def What are the Urals
LOC:mount What is the height of Snowdon?
ENTY:food Whats the favorite food of dragonflies
LOC:water How deep is Lake Baikal?
ENTY:other What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955
ENTY:symbol The original set of DOT pictograms consisted of 34 symbols primarily intended for what
DESC:def How would you define entropy?
DESC:reason Why do economies grow?
ENTY:animal What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races
HUM:ind Who was Leonardo da Vinci?
LOC:city Where is Vienna?
ENTY:body What is the pancreas?
ENTY:lang How is Polish structured as a language?
ENTY:event What happened during the moon landing?
NUM:speed How fast can a gazelle run?
DESC:desc What captures vibrancy?
ENTY:symbol what is the periodic table symbol for Argon
LOC:other What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia, Arcadia, and Amazonis
LOC:state What state in the United States covers the largest area
NUM:date When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin
ENTY:lang Which language has the most vowels?
ENTY:word What does fortuitous mean?
ENTY:body How many vertebrae are in the human spine?
ENTY:religion What religion do Quakers follow?
ENTY:dismed Whats the most common non-contagious disease in the world
ENTY:other What is after death
DESC:manner How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment
ABBR:exp What does NRU expand to?
ENTY:plant Which plant is the source of coffee?
LOC:country Tell me about Algeria
LOC:city Where is Beijing?
DESC:def How does a simile compare?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds diamonds are lab-created?
ENTY:termeq What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg
NUM:dist What is the earths diameter
NUM:dist How far is London from Toronto?
LOC:city Tell me about Seoul
ENTY:body What is the foot?
DESC:desc What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking
ABBR:exp YMCA means what?
NUM:date On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona, Spain
DESC:manner How do cyclists pedal bikes?
ENTY:veh How does a gyrocopter fly?
ABBR:exp LCD means what in full form?
DESC:manner In what way do geologists study?
ENTY:other What do bicornate animals have two of
ENTY:dismed What causes cancer?
LOC:state What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline
LOC:city What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands
ENTY:veh What is an ambulance?
ABBR:exp What does VIR stand for?
DESC:reason What causes people to wake early?
DESC:manner How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator
HUM:ind Who was the inventor of silly putty
LOC:water How are waterways?
ENTY:termeq What is phonetics?
NUM:volsize How many cubic feet are in a cubic meter?
ENTY:dismed How is stroke treated?
NUM:period How long does it take to write a novel?
LOC:mount Where do people mountain climb in Nepal
DESC:def What is the definition of capitalism?
DESC:reason Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school
HUM:desc What does a mycologist research?
ENTY:color What is structural color?
NUM:date When is hurricane season in the Caribbean
ABBR:abb In computing, SSL refers to what?
DESC:reason What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique
ENTY:sport What net game sees its womens world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup
ENTY:word What does transparent mean?
ENTY:techmeth What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse
ABBR:abb FBI is an abbreviation for what?
NUM:code What does error code 403 mean?
ENTY:animal What is the fastest land animal
DESC:def What is hypnotherapy
LOC:city What South American capital is the worlds highest
ENTY:termeq What is Chiricahua the name of
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds population speaks English?
LOC:water What connects to the Lake Superior?
DESC:def What is e-commerce
ENTY:food What beer tells us, Grab all the gusto you can get
ENTY:plant Where do wheats grow?
ENTY:instru What is the aperture of a camera lens?
ABBR:exp What does VUT expand to?
HUM:desc Who wrote Don Quixote?
ENTY:food What is Rice?
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Bangkok?
NUM:other What is the number of time zones?
ENTY:product Which fitness tracker monitors heart rate?
HUM:title How does a Governor lead?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a standard coffee mug?
DESC:manner How does an abacus work
ENTY:veh How long is a standard subway car?
ENTY:product What is a table?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Occitan alphabet have?
NUM:count On average, how many miles are there to the moon
LOC:city Tell me about Los Angeles
ENTY:plant Where do ferns grow?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Software as a Service?
ENTY:food What melts in your mouth, not in your hands
ENTY:color What is animal coloration?
ENTY:event When did the COVID-19 pandemic occur?
ENTY:food What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice
HUM:gr Who are the graduates?
NUM:ord Who came in eighth place?
ABBR:abb What does IoT stand for?
HUM:ind Who was Dante?
DESC:def How would you define socialism?
DESC:desc What creates auditory vividness?
DESC:reason What causes wind?
NUM:ord How is the number 2 expressed ordinally?
DESC:desc What is the computer for the rest of us
NUM:temp At what temperature does sugar caramelize?
ENTY:religion What is Taoism based on?
DESC:reason Why does a wheel, e.g. a car tire, appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down
ENTY:color What is white?
ENTY:event What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Morans outfit
NUM:code How are postal codes formatted?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earths surface is water?
LOC:state Mississippi has what name for a state nickname
NUM:temp At what temperature does carbon dioxide sublime?
DESC:manner How do penologists incarcerate?
ABBR:exp What is p.m. an abbreviation for, as in 5 p.m.
HUM:title How does a judge preside?
DESC:desc How is music described?
HUM:desc How does a consultant work?
DESC:desc What is the only cigarette made with no leftovers
ENTY:veh What is a wheelchair?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to sad?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a human body in water?
ENTY:veh What is the displacement in liters of a typical V8 engine?
DESC:def What is subject-verb agreement?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Australia?
HUM:ind What did Socrates do?
NUM:other What number is at 12 o clock on a dartboard
HUM:title What is a Sergeant?
NUM:speed How fast is sound
ENTY:instru What is a drill?
ENTY:animal How do predators track?
ENTY:animal What is a kangaroo?
NUM:perc What percentage of the forest is temperate?
HUM:desc Describe a typical tutor
ABBR:abb What does GB contain?
HUM:ind What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe
ENTY:lang What is Bengali known for?
ENTY:food What is Tomato?
NUM:count What is the number of states of Nigeria?
HUM:ind What did Marie Curie do?
ABBR:abb What does IMF stand for?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for elderly starting with s?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Japan?
ABBR:abb What does i18n represent?
DESC:desc What details convey structure?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of USA?
NUM:money How much does a Tesla cost?
ENTY:color is the Sun white or yellow
LOC:country What is the smallest country in Africa
ENTY:symbol How is the ® symbol used?
ENTY:word What is a word that is its own opposite?
ENTY:veh What is a cruise ship used for?
DESC:reason Why do fungi decompose matter?
ENTY:cremat How hot does cremation reach?
HUM:gr What is a immigrants?
ENTY:veh What is the cargo capacity of a Honda CR-V SUV?
ENTY:plant What is a willow?
NUM:ord What is the first letter of the alphabet?
ENTY:word What does taciturn mean?
LOC:country Name the country which Honecker lived in
ENTY:color What is a common white item?
LOC:other Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent
ENTY:event When did the Oscars occur?
ENTY:body How do bronchi branch?
ENTY:plant Which plant is used to make paper?
ENTY:plant Where do grapes grow?
NUM:other What is the life expectancy for crickets
ENTY:veh What is a kayak?
ENTY:animal What makes animals nocturnal?
DESC:reason Why do hearts beat?
LOC:city What country is Sydney in?
ENTY:symbol What is a scientific symbol?
NUM:date When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption
HUM:gr What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for
DESC:reason Why do friendships form?
NUM:volsize Each block on the tower shown measures 4 cubic cm in volume. What is the total volume of the tower
HUM:gr What kind of organization is Last Chance for Animals
ENTY:currency What currency does UAE use?
ENTY:word What does fleeting mean?
ENTY:body How do lymph nodes filter?
ENTY:cremat What is a scattering garden?
ENTY:event How are ceremonies conducted?
ENTY:body What is the skeleton?
LOC:mount What country has K2?
ENTY:plant Where do carrots grow?
DESC:reason What causes hereditary diseases?
ENTY:veh What is a chairlift?
HUM:title What rank is King?
NUM:dist What is the distance between Tokyo and Beijing?
DESC:def What is an icon in semiotics?
ENTY:body What is the urethra in males?
DESC:desc How is light described visually?
NUM:perc What percentage of the ocean is salt water?
DESC:def What is a tonne
ABBR:exp What does SEC expand to?
DESC:manner How do athletes train intensely?
ENTY:letter What letter represents the Euro symbol?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population is blonde?
ENTY:event What was the Renaissance?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for lira?
HUM:ind What did Galileo Galilei do?
ABBR:exp Write out RAM in full
ENTY:termeq What is another word for large starting with b?
DESC:desc What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice
ENTY:religion What is Hinduism based on?
ENTY:word What is the most commonly misspelled word?
LOC:landmass What is Corsica?
DESC:desc What captures reduction?
DESC:def How does lengthening occur?
ENTY:color What is the predominant color of the Tab label
ENTY:dismed What is metformin used for?
ENTY:product What game console is most popular?
DESC:def How would you define capitalism?
ENTY:body What is the function of the thyroid gland?
LOC:state What states home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center
LOC:landmass How are dunes formed?
ENTY:veh What is a garbage truck?
LOC:state How are autonomous communities defined?
NUM:temp What is body temperature?
ENTY:plant What does a peach look like?
ABBR:abb IMF is an abbreviation for what?
NUM:period How many centuries have passed since the year 2000?
ENTY:food What drink is the best thirst-quencher
ENTY:event What was the Dark Ages?
LOC:water Where are the Great Lakes?
DESC:manner In what manner do pulmonologists assess?
NUM:period What is the average life span for a chicken
NUM:count How many calories are there in a Big Mac
ENTY:animal Where do lions live?
ENTY:word What is a word that means easy?
DESC:def How would you define metabolism?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the ringgit?
ABBR:exp URL means what in full form?
ENTY:color What is phenotypic plasticity?
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter Q in English?
ENTY:body What is the function of the lymph nodes?
LOC:mount What is the height of Mount Aconcagua?
NUM:count How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa
ENTY:cremat How do religious funeral rites differ?
DESC:manner How do administrators execute?
ENTY:veh How many speed settings does an electric scooter typically have?
ENTY:body What is the softest part of the body
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Personal Computer?
ENTY:color What color flies closest to the staff on Belgiums flag
LOC:city How are urban areas defined?
ENTY:color What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola
DESC:desc How is courage described bravely?
LOC:water What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean
ENTY:dismed What is omeprazole used for?
ENTY:animal What defines an insect?
ENTY:instru What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing
LOC:city What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in
ENTY:animal What is a mammal?
DESC:desc What captures motion imagery?
HUM:ind What football coachs story was told in the movie Run to Daylight
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Gigabits per second?
NUM:perc What percentage of land is forested?
ENTY:other What did Benny Carter play
DESC:def How does prestige work?
NUM:period How long was the TV mission of Star Treks Enterprise to be
ENTY:termeq What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another
DESC:reason What causes gray hair
LOC:state In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests
ENTY:religion What do Judaism followers believe?
ENTY:sport How is gymnastics played?
ENTY:veh How does a crane work?
ENTY:lang What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called
ENTY:techmeth What method converts speech to text?
ENTY:other What defines a significant historical event?
ENTY:product What router provides fastest WiFi?
ENTY:veh What is the depreciation rate of a new vehicle in its first year?
ENTY:cremat Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor
ABBR:abb What is meant by SSL?
LOC:other Whats the home of the Rockettes
ENTY:instru What instrument measures turbidity?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym REST
DESC:manner How do you paint a wall?
ENTY:symbol What does the ampersand represent?
ENTY:letter What is a handwriting?
ENTY:veh What is a tram?
ENTY:techmeth What method purifies seawater?
ENTY:veh What is the optimal tire pressure for fuel economy?
ENTY:religion what religion did the egyptians practice
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for aspartame
ENTY:symbol How is the & symbol used?
DESC:reason Why does our nails grow?
ENTY:veh How tall is a standard semi-truck including the cab?
NUM:temp Whats the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade
LOC:country What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis
NUM:speed What is the speed of a bullet from a typical handgun?
DESC:reason Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor
ENTY:plant Where do peachs grow?
LOC:city What is the capital of California
ENTY:other What cigarette is a whole new world
DESC:manner How do orthopedists realign?
DESC:manner How do chefs cook?
ENTY:event What is a convention?
LOC:state What state did Helen Keller call home
ABBR:exp What does MSR stand for?
ENTY:veh What was the name of Captain Blighs ship
NUM:weight What is the mass of the earth?
ENTY:color What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat
ENTY:event What was the Industrial Revolution?
ENTY:religion What is Hinduism?
ENTY:symbol What does the cross represent?
ENTY:plant What common plant has a button, cap, cup, gills, and ring
ENTY:plant Which plant has the most species?
NUM:date When was the X-ray invented?
HUM:gr What do we call graduates?
ENTY:word How many homophones does their have?
ENTY:letter What letter represents potassium on the periodic table?
ENTY:plant What plant is used in phytoremediation?
ENTY:word What is a adverb?
ENTY:techmeth How does voice recognition work?
NUM:money How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing, 900, 740-TREE
ENTY:dismed What common ailment can t you catch at the North Pole
HUM:gr What card company sells Christmas ornaments
DESC:reason What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard
DESC:manner What is the way to learn a language?
LOC:other Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S.
LOC:other Where can I find information on becoming a journalist
NUM:period How long is a cricket season?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the lira?
ENTY:product What is a smartphone?
ENTY:body How do antigens trigger?
ENTY:plant What are some of Australias native flora
ENTY:instru What device measures pressure?
NUM:period How many years does it take for wood to decompose naturally?
HUM:desc Who is Samuel Pickering
NUM:perc What percent of the body is muscle?
ENTY:symbol What is the chemical formula for napalm
LOC:state How are regions subdivided?
LOC:country What African country is governed from Ouagadougou
ENTY:plant What does a rose look like?
DESC:reason Why is plants need sunlight?
ABBR:exp What does RUS expand to?
ENTY:food How are protein supplements?
LOC:country Tell me about Greece
ENTY:color What is a common turquoise item?
HUM:gr Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show
DESC:manner In what manner do metalworkers forge?
HUM:ind What is a philosopher?
ABBR:exp What is FBI?
LOC:state What is the capital of Arizona?
ENTY:product What is iPhone?
HUM:gr What college enlivens Hanover, New Hampshire
NUM:code What is the binary code for delete?
NUM:perc What percentage of the atmosphere is nitrogen?
ENTY:color What is CMYK?
ENTY:animal How big is a bear?
ENTY:techmeth How does CRISPR work?
ENTY:color What is the hex code for yellow?
ENTY:letter What is the most common consonant in English?
ENTY:other What is a cultural institution?
NUM:dist how many meters from point A to point B
HUM:ind Which president was unmarried
DESC:reason Why do cultures persist?
ENTY:word How many syllables does the word sesquipedalian have?
LOC:water Where is the Atlantic Ocean?
ENTY:religion what polytheistic religions are still practiced today
ENTY:body What is the function of the spinal cord?
DESC:def What is usenet for the Internet
ENTY:cremat Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays
NUM:volsize what is the volume of the milky way
ENTY:body What is the function of the skull?
ENTY:termeq What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross
ENTY:instru What tool measures soil moisture?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to bright?
NUM:count How many languages are there in the world
NUM:period How long is a school year?
DESC:def What is critical period?
HUM:gr Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend
ABBR:exp What does SOM represent?
LOC:country What countries have the most auto thefts
ENTY:veh What is a cargo ship?
ENTY:animal What is the fastest fish in the world
NUM:perc What percentage turnout was there?
ENTY:currency What is the Chinese yuan?
DESC:reason What causes decline?
DESC:desc What captures temporal progression?
ENTY:lang What are the two languages of Malta
DESC:manner How do travelers journey?
LOC:landmass What is the smallest continent?
ENTY:food What is millet?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for newline?
ENTY:other What does a chef coddle eggs in
ENTY:techmeth What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy, weight loss, and weight lifting
HUM:gr What high school does Archie attend
LOC:mount Where is Scafell Pike?
ENTY:color What is a common violet item?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for euro?
ENTY:currency What is the won?
ENTY:symbol Name a symbol that already been widely accepted
ENTY:body How many teeth does an infant typically have?
ENTY:instru What is a metronome?
ENTY:food What is barley?
NUM:period How old was Lucille Ball when the show I Love Lucy premiered
NUM:temp What is the melting point of aluminum?
ENTY:dismed What causes asthma?
NUM:speed what is the average velocity of a horse
DESC:def What are the Greek numerals
LOC:landmass What is Great Britain?
NUM:count How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold
NUM:period What is the typical duration of an interview?
ENTY:cremat What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981
NUM:perc What percent of the human body is fat?
ENTY:instru What is a Flute?
LOC:landmass Where is Caucasus?
ENTY:religion what was the religion in ancient iberia
LOC:other Where is Poes birthplace
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Kilobyte?
NUM:perc What percentage of imports come from China?
DESC:reason Why does sound travel quicker through water than air
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for null?
LOC:other Where is Romania located
NUM:period What is the typical length of a play performance?
ENTY:animal Which animal has the longest gestation (pregnancy) period of all mammals
DESC:desc What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art
ENTY:symbol How is the < > symbol used?
HUM:gr What American League baseball teams worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth
LOC:city What is Bangkok?
ABBR:abb What does UI stand for?
ENTY:other What gaming devices were dubbed Mississippi marbles and Memphis dominoes
ENTY:body What does the bladder do?
DESC:reason Why is Microsofts Windows 3 software so successful
DESC:def What does the name Sheri mean
DESC:def What is face-saving?
ENTY:food What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine
DESC:desc What words capture smell imagery?
ENTY:dismed Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS
ENTY:symbol What does the peace sign represent?
LOC:city What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians
LOC:country Where is Nigeria?
ENTY:animal How do animals migrate?
ENTY:other What are the developmental stages of a swimmer
ABBR:exp What does A&W of root beer fame stand for
ENTY:body What is the cerebellum?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in GPU stand for?
ENTY:product Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines
NUM:count How many people live in Tokyo
HUM:title Who composed Canon in D?
ENTY:body What is the function of the skeleton?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation
ENTY:other Whats the highest-ranking suit in bridge
ENTY:sport What new games are available for Nintendo 64
ENTY:termeq What does an irate car owner call iron oxide
NUM:code what number decrypts this secret message
NUM:period How many hours of sleep is medically recommended?
ENTY:other What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals
ABBR:exp What does USA expand to?
ENTY:body What are the main blood vessels
DESC:manner How do plants make food
NUM:count What is the number of religions?
NUM:date When is Independence Day?
ENTY:word What is a word with the same spelling but different pronunciation?
ENTY:food What will a kid eat the middle of, and save the chocolate on the outside for last
NUM:ord What is the chronological number of Barack Obama as the President of United States
DESC:def What is a green bog
ABBR:exp MVP stands for what exactly?
NUM:count How many fingers are used to draw a bow
LOC:other Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located
ENTY:color What color are school buses
ENTY:termeq What do you call a professional map drawer
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym FDA
DESC:def How does borrowing work?
HUM:gr Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at
ENTY:cremat What was the sequel to The Moons Balloon
ENTY:product What is the best brand for a laptop computer
ENTY:word Whats the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall
ENTY:religion What are the main branches of Christianity?
LOC:landmass What continent has the Great Wall?
DESC:manner How do writers write?
ENTY:food What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal
ENTY:plant What plant is used in Ayurveda?
ENTY:other What magic does Mandrake employ
LOC:country What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting
HUM:title Who directed The Matrix?
ENTY:animal What makes emergence necessary?
DESC:reason What causes tuberculosis
DESC:reason What causes mold to appear?
DESC:reason What is the reason water freezes at 0°C?
LOC:city What is Madrid?
LOC:landmass What is a delta?
ENTY:food How is fish?
ABBR:abb What does OSHA regulate?
DESC:reason Why do tornadoes form?
NUM:speed How fast can an African wild dog run?
LOC:other Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge
HUM:gr Whats the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party
ENTY:animal How do animals compete?
ENTY:animal How do animals harm humans?
DESC:manner How do I know if I am pregnant
DESC:def What is a preposition?
LOC:mount What is the height of K2?
ENTY:color What is sky blue?
NUM:volsize How big is the Electoral College
HUM:desc Describe a typical attorney
HUM:title What is a Colonel?
ENTY:cremat What is cremation?
ENTY:other What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion
NUM:count How many countries watch MTV Europe
ENTY:event Tell me about World War II
ENTY:animal What is an arachnid?
ABBR:exp What is LMDS
ENTY:plant Where do tulips grow?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earths surface is land?
ABBR:exp What does the c stand for in the equation E=mc2
NUM:speed How fast does a typical car accelerate from 0 to 60 mph?
DESC:def What is the C programming language
ENTY:color How do political colors represent?
ENTY:animal How big is a leopard?
ENTY:color What is CIE color space?
ENTY:symbol What is the trademark of a Washington Redskins fan
ENTY:sport What sport was the first televised in the U.S.
LOC:country What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta
DESC:def What is the definition of communism?
LOC:state What is Wisconsin known for?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Judge?
NUM:count What is the number of seconds in a minute?
ENTY:symbol Where is the at sign symbol used?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of IMF?
LOC:state What is the capital of New York?
ENTY:product What is a game console?
ABBR:exp What does GRL represent?
NUM:weight How much does a pint of milk weigh in grams?
ENTY:religion What is Pentecostalism?
ENTY:body What are the ovaries?
NUM:volsize What size is a king-size bed?
ENTY:letter How many letters are in English?
ENTY:color How do colors affect mood?
ENTY:animal Name four famous cartoon cats
NUM:count How many tenths of the Earths surface lie under water
DESC:manner How do insects walk?
HUM:title How does a Judge lead?
ENTY:animal How big is a zebra?
ENTY:animal What is a deer?
ENTY:symbol What symbol represents infinity?
ABBR:abb SSL abbreviates what?
ENTY:body What are mammary glands?
LOC:water What is the Mississippi River?
LOC:country What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park
DESC:reason For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples
NUM:perc What percentage of species are endangered?
ENTY:techmeth What is dimensionality reduction?
ENTY:animal What are the animals that don t have backbones called
ENTY:animal How big is a trout?
DESC:manner How do cardiologists monitor?
ENTY:body Where is the capillary?
ENTY:food Whats the most extensively grown and eaten food
ENTY:religion Which religion is Buddhism?
LOC:city What is Seoul?
ABBR:exp What does BEL stand for?
LOC:other Where was George Washington born
ENTY:event When did Coachella occur?
ABBR:exp Write out FTP in full
NUM:period How many weeks is the typical school calendar?
ENTY:animal What makes behavior observable?
ENTY:food What is a tuber?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Lieutenant?
ENTY:animal What is the name given to the Tiger at Louisiana State University
ABBR:abb What does DL stand for?
LOC:other Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek
ENTY:religion What is Catholicism?
ENTY:lang How is Russian structured?
LOC:mount How high is Mount Puncak?
ABBR:exp What does NN O mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames
ENTY:food What is cake?
ENTY:religion What religion do Mormons actually believe?
ENTY:plant Where do rices grow?
NUM:count What is the number of days in a year?
HUM:title What is a Baroness?
ENTY:instru How many strings does a lute have?
ABBR:exp What does BTN represent?
DESC:def What is a geoscientist
ENTY:color What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia
ENTY:dismed What are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin
NUM:date When was Dick Clark born
ENTY:symbol What is the smiley face symbol?
DESC:def How do pronouns deix?
ENTY:dismed How is dementia treated?
NUM:date When did Idaho become a state
ENTY:color How does color naming affect?
ENTY:word How is a verb used?
ENTY:symbol Where is the euro sign symbol used?
ENTY:sport How is diving played?
ABBR:exp Write out URL in full
NUM:speed How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earths gravity
HUM:gr What is a committee?
ENTY:sport How is baseball played?
LOC:state What is the capital of North Dakota?
DESC:manner How do ornithologists watch?
ENTY:letter How many alphabets are in English?
NUM:count What is the number of states of Indonesia?
NUM:money What is the cost of a dental cleaning?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Japanese?
NUM:date What is the first day of the week
ENTY:substance What kind of gas is in a fluorescent bulb
ENTY:letter How are diacriticals?
NUM:weight Cacao contains 34% filling. How many grams of filling are in 130 g cacao.
NUM:speed How fast can a wildebeest run?
LOC:state Where is Indiana?
ENTY:event What war saw battles at Parrots Beak and Black Virgin
ENTY:religion What is Daoism?
NUM:weight how many tons of food do humans waste annually
ABBR:abb HDMI abbreviates what?
NUM:ord Regarding the scoring order, which position do you hold
DESC:def What is ellipsis in grammar?
HUM:gr What defines a partnership?
ABBR:exp What does S.O.S. stand for
ENTY:cremat What is burial?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of ammonia?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of acetone?
ENTY:religion What is Pantheism?
ENTY:cremat How are ashes processed?
LOC:country What country did the Nazis occupy for 1, CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP
ENTY:color How is blue made?
ENTY:animal How do animals move?
DESC:def What is a verb?
NUM:count How many counties does the UK have?
ENTY:product What VR headset is available?
ENTY:color What is a common scarlet item?
ENTY:food In France, what food item literally means twice cooked
ENTY:termeq What do you call a newborn kangaroo
LOC:landmass What is Hispaniola?
ENTY:letter How are punctuation marks?
LOC:other Where is Perth
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Nigeria?
LOC:mount Where is K2 located?
ENTY:color is your favorite color black, white, blue or green
NUM:count What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for zinc on the periodic table?
HUM:gr What is a atheists?
ENTY:plant Where do birchs grow?
HUM:title What is the role of a Minister?
DESC:desc What is the difference between khaki and chino
LOC:other What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice
DESC:desc What is a detailed account?
ENTY:sport What game is fatal to anybody over 21
DESC:manner What is the method for cook pasta?
DESC:manner In what way do ceramicists fire?
ENTY:animal What kind of species is the monster in the film Jaws
ENTY:veh How many gears fit in a manual gearbox?
HUM:gr What defines a board?
ENTY:word What does oppressed mean?
HUM:ind Which of the following rock n roll stars has a star on Hollywood Boulevard
ENTY:religion what was the religion of the celts
ENTY:dismed How is COVID-19 treated?
NUM:weight what is the atomic mass of Gallium
DESC:def What is first language development?
ENTY:food What is hominy?
HUM:desc What is the role of a teacher?
HUM:title What rank is Corporal?
HUM:desc What defines a visionary?
NUM:temp At what temperature does coffee taste best?
DESC:manner How do you clean badly tarnished brass
ENTY:religion Which religion has the most followers?
LOC:city What European city do Nicois live in
NUM:other What is the chromosome number of an elephant
ENTY:body What is the stomach?
NUM:period How long does a typical divorce take to finalize?
ENTY:event What is the mission of Nike
DESC:desc What is the origin of the typing practice sentence Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country
NUM:count How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily
ENTY:veh What is a gondola?
ENTY:food What falling fruit supposedly inspired Isaac Newton to write the laws of gravity
HUM:desc What is a dentist?
NUM:ord What is the tenth book in the series?
ENTY:symbol What was the distinguishing mark on the Little Rascals dog
LOC:country What are the Benelux countries
ENTY:veh What is the ground clearance of a Jeep Wrangler?
HUM:gr What was the name of Humphrey Bogarts club in Casablanca
ENTY:termeq Is baby the same as infant?
NUM:dist The angles of elevation of an artificial satellite measured from two earth stations are 30° and 40°, respectively. If the distance between the earth stations is 4000 km, what is the height of the satellite
DESC:reason What causes paralysis?
ENTY:food Most people make a homemade baked version of which dish for Thanksgiving
ENTY:religion what religion is practiced in south africa
ENTY:cremat What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening
DESC:desc What is different about the red and black fox
ENTY:termeq What is another word for attorney starting with l?
NUM:period How many years can a sealed jar of honey remain edible?
LOC:state What is a shire?
ENTY:other What fossilizes to form coprolite
DESC:manner How can I get rich quick
ENTY:color What color is gray?
ENTY:religion What is the Restored Church of Jesus Christ?
ENTY:body What is the function of the jejunum?
DESC:reason Why do surpluses accumulate?
NUM:perc How much is desert?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths surface is suitable for farming?
ENTY:religion What do Orthodoxy followers believe?
NUM:date When was Lyndon B. Johnson born
HUM:desc What makes someone influential?
ENTY:veh What is the cruising speed of a commercial Boeing 737?
ENTY:color How does warning color work?
LOC:city What is the largest city on the Great Lakes
NUM:ord How is the number 4 expressed ordinally?
ENTY:symbol What does the hash tag represent?
NUM:perc What percentage of carbon dioxide is in air?
ENTY:animal Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal
ENTY:religion What is the primary religion in Japan?
DESC:manner In what manner do snakes move?
DESC:reason Why do leaves change color?
ENTY:body What are the trachea?
ABBR:abb NATO is an abbreviation for what?
HUM:gr What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall, a Greenwich Village gay bar
ENTY:currency What currency does Hungary use?
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for autumn?
NUM:period How many months of paid vacation do most Europeans get?
ABBR:abb What does VIP stand for?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of Mount Everest?
LOC:city Whats the capital of Monaco
ENTY:instru What is the function of a colorimeter?
ENTY:letter How many diacritical marks does French use?
ENTY:religion What religion do Zoroastrians follow?
LOC:water What are the worlds four oceans
LOC:landmass What is a ridge?
LOC:landmass Where is Iceland?
DESC:desc What conveys extravagance?
DESC:manner How do you ask a total stranger out on a date
HUM:desc Describe a typical prosecutor
ENTY:techmeth What is IoT?
HUM:title Who composed Symphony No. 9?
NUM:period How many weeks in a year?
HUM:gr What team did baseballs St. Louis Browns become
ABBR:exp FAQ expands to Frequently Asked Questions?
ENTY:event What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico
ENTY:veh What is a boat?
HUM:ind What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant
NUM:speed What is the speed of a Formula 1 race car?
LOC:country What continent is Greece in?
HUM:ind Who claimed to be the worlds most perfectly-developed man
ENTY:color Whats the most popular contact lens color
NUM:period How many hours of sunlight does the Earth get at the poles?
LOC:water What does the River Seine empty into
HUM:ind What did Winston Churchill do?
ENTY:veh What is a scooter?
ENTY:animal What animal occurs in Spielbergs Jaws
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths population has internet access?
ENTY:word What is a conjunction?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of an undefined object?
ENTY:word What are the conjugations of wake and woke
NUM:perc What percentage of workers experience burnout?
ENTY:body What is the function of the pancreas?
DESC:def What is alliteration?
ENTY:veh How does a rocket work?
NUM:other What is the melting point of copper
ENTY:cremat What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends Well, maybe next year..
ENTY:food What fruit does the ficus produce
NUM:date When is Christmas?
ABBR:exp EPA stands for what exactly?
ENTY:event What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines
DESC:reason What causes revolution?
ENTY:product What do you use a bed for?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Peru?
ENTY:letter What is the letter that represents the number 100 in Roman numerals?
ENTY:animal How do animals build?
NUM:period How many minutes are in a standard class period?
LOC:country What is a country in region X?
DESC:reason Why is the sun yellow
ENTY:instru What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play
DESC:manner Describe how to bake a cake
ENTY:veh List the names of 4 fictional ships
ENTY:product What is Pepsi?
ENTY:sport Whats the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas
ENTY:veh What is the fuel tank capacity of a typical SUV?
ENTY:food What soft drink tells us to Go Hawaiian
HUM:ind Who is Mia Farrows mother
LOC:country Where is India?
HUM:desc What does a physicist do?
ENTY:color What are the three secondary colors
ENTY:food How is seed oil pressed?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a comet?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population lives in cities?
ENTY:plant What is an oak?
LOC:city What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S.
ENTY:veh How long is a standard shipping container on a cargo ship?
NUM:volsize How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaskas north coast
HUM:gr What schools in the Washington DC
ENTY:techmeth What technique is used for dialysis?
ENTY:veh What is the wheelbase of a standard pickup truck?
NUM:code give me your private bitcoin wallet key
HUM:gr Who has won the most Super Bowls
DESC:manner In what manner do geneticists sequence?
ENTY:product What coffee maker brews espresso?
ENTY:event What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope
ENTY:substance What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks
ENTY:body What are capillaries?
ENTY:body What is the width of a human artery?
ENTY:other Whats the tallest piece on a chessboard
NUM:count How many months in a year are there?
HUM:ind Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleons abdication
ABBR:exp OLED is short for what exactly?
NUM:date When did the Jurassic Period end
DESC:desc What was the first Funk N Lata, Brazilian group, success
ENTY:color What color is ash
ENTY:techmeth How does nanotechnology work?
LOC:water What is the largest ocean?
LOC:country How are nations?
ENTY:food Where does rice come from?
ENTY:instru What device measures light intensity?
NUM:dist A horse runs for 2 hours 15 mins at a speed of 8 mph. How far does it run
DESC:def How does cognitive linguistics work?
HUM:ind Who wrote Brave New World
DESC:manner How do glassblowers shape?
ENTY:body How do cartilage protect?
ENTY:animal What makes hoarding adaptive?
DESC:reason Why is seasons change?
LOC:city Tell me about Istanbul
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Quality of Service?
LOC:landmass What countries are in Caucasus?
LOC:landmass What is a mountain range?
NUM:period How old was Gene Siskel
ENTY:animal What is a eagle?
ENTY:instru What is a measuring cup?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym LASER
ABBR:abb IR is an abbreviation for what?
HUM:title How are judges?
DESC:desc How is drama described?
ABBR:exp What does COG expand to?
NUM:volsize What is the displacement of an average engine in liters?
NUM:money How much does the President get paid
DESC:reason What causes recession?
ENTY:color What is occupational color?
NUM:money What is the conversion rate between dollars and pounds
ENTY:letter How many phonemes are in English?
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym CPU
ENTY:color What is moss?
ENTY:veh What is the turning radius of a fire truck?
LOC:country How is a republic governed?
ENTY:techmeth How does 5G work?
NUM:speed How fast does a sports plane fly?
NUM:ord Who came in twenty-first place?
LOC:landmass What countries are in Scandinavia?
LOC:landmass What is a isthmus?
DESC:manner What is the way to yoga?
ABBR:exp What do the letters CE stand for on so many products, particularly electrical, purchased now
NUM:dist How far is it from Tokyo to San Francisco?
ENTY:letter What is the consonant in grammar?
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for lift?
HUM:desc Describe a typical cinematographer
ENTY:body What does the bone do?
DESC:reason Why do alliances strengthen?
ENTY:veh How many gears does a manual transmission car typically have?
LOC:state What is the capital of Nebraska?
NUM:date On what day is Easter?
NUM:count How many people in the world speak French
LOC:other What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country
ENTY:symbol which certification marks signify conformance with a government or private organizations requirements
ENTY:food Where does candy come from?
ENTY:animal How big is a hawk?
LOC:country What country is the biggest producer of tungsten
NUM:weight What is the average weight of a Yellow Labrador
HUM:desc Who was Cleopatra?
NUM:weight What is the weight of the sun?
ENTY:animal How do animals fight or flight?
ENTY:other How are records kept?
ENTY:substance What is hydrogen peroxide?
ENTY:food What are the top vegetable crops in the world
DESC:manner How do instrument makers tune?
NUM:temp At what temperature does ink dry?
DESC:reason Why are there no white lines on pro footballs
ABBR:exp DNS means what in full form?
NUM:weight What is the weight of the moon?
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of China?
NUM:perc What percentage of exports go to Asia?
ENTY:event What is the Olympics?
ENTY:currency How many won are in a dollar?
ENTY:other What are pushed and coupled in hump yards
LOC:city What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd
ENTY:plant What is a barley?
ENTY:veh What is the wheelbase of a limousine?
LOC:water Where is the Baltic Sea?
ENTY:letter What is the shape of the letter J?
ENTY:techmeth How does artificial intelligence work?
ENTY:product What saw cuts metal?
LOC:other Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse
ENTY:body How do nerves branch?
ENTY:body How many toenails does a human typically have?
NUM:period What is the typical gestation period for most mammals?
NUM:count How many organs in the body are there?
ENTY:color What is indigo?
NUM:period How long is a basketball season?
NUM:weight Each cement block weighs 7.9 kilograms. How much do 6 blocks weigh in total
ENTY:event What was World War II?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Baron?
LOC:country What countrys flag is field green
HUM:desc What does a programmer do?
ENTY:lang How is Italian structured?
ENTY:dismed What is the fear of frogs
NUM:date Whats the third month of the Gregorian calendar
ENTY:food What are smoothies?
LOC:other Where does tuberculosis come from
DESC:desc What is the difference between hair and fur
DESC:def What is devoicing?
DESC:desc What is the Motto for the State of Maryland
HUM:ind Who was Richard Feynman?
ENTY:color What is a common gray item?
ENTY:plant What does a birch look like?
NUM:date When did humans land on the moon?
NUM:other How many stars in the galaxy?
DESC:def How would you define philosophy?
LOC:city What Japanese city was once called Edo
HUM:ind What TV detective did Craig Stevens play
NUM:dist How far is New York from Rome?
ENTY:letter What is a letter?
ENTY:food What are legumes?
ENTY:substance Whats the hardest substance in the human body
ENTY:animal What is a lion?
ENTY:veh What is the average fuel efficiency of a Honda Civic sedan?
ENTY:animal What is a crocodile?
NUM:count Count the hours in a day
DESC:reason What is Jane Goodall known for
ENTY:veh What is the fuel tank capacity of a commercial delivery truck?
DESC:reason Why does we dream?
ENTY:color What is orange?
ENTY:product Which e-reader has the best display?
DESC:desc What conveys boldness?
ENTY:cremat What is a casket?
DESC:desc What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry
ENTY:sport What is cricket?
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of an anemometer?
DESC:def What is a sentence?
ABBR:exp What does BRA stand for?
NUM:volsize How much material was removed to create the Grand Canyon?
HUM:ind What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg
ABBR:exp Write out DHCP in full
ENTY:word What does ebullient mean?
ENTY:animal What makes sun compass useful?
ENTY:instru What is a Viola?
ENTY:letter what is the first letter of the alphabet
ENTY:product What do you use a microwave for?
NUM:period What is the span of childhood?
ENTY:color What color is a daffodil?
NUM:dist What is the distance between London and Paris?
HUM:title what do you call your job
ENTY:animal What makes creativity adaptive?
ENTY:techmeth What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox
NUM:temp What temperature does lava need to reach to flow freely?
ENTY:religion What is Islam?
HUM:title What is a Sheriff?
ENTY:food What is pie?
HUM:gr Who are the citizens?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Etna?
ENTY:color How is cream formed?
DESC:reason What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet
ENTY:religion What is Coptic Christianity?
ENTY:body What is the tongue?
LOC:country What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in
DESC:def What is fuzzy membership?
DESC:desc How is ease described smoothly?
ABBR:exp What does MNE represent?
DESC:def How does discourse type differ?
HUM:desc Describe a typical sculptor
DESC:manner In what manner do plumbers solder?
DESC:reason Why do governments rule?
ABBR:abb REST is an abbreviation for what?
ENTY:currency What currency does Malaysia use?
DESC:def What is etymology?
LOC:mount in what mountain was the ring forged
ENTY:cremat What songs were popular in 1948
LOC:water What is the Black Sea?
ABBR:abb What does Wi-Fi allow?
DESC:desc Describe the Mona Lisa
NUM:speed How fast is light
DESC:desc Tell me about Big Ben
HUM:desc What is a teacher?
ENTY:currency What is the Swiss franc?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for ruble?
ENTY:color What is verdigris?
ENTY:plant What is a algae?
HUM:gr How is a council organized?
ENTY:dismed What is aspirin used for?
ENTY:body How many layers does human skin have?
NUM:temp What is the melting point of silver?
DESC:reason Why do noses smell?
ENTY:religion what religion am I
ENTY:animal What is a lizard?
ENTY:cremat What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors
ENTY:dismed What causes anxiety?
ENTY:word What does enslaved mean?
DESC:def What is an eclipse
NUM:count What is the number of states of Argentina?
ENTY:termeq What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross
ENTY:animal What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named
ENTY:religion What is the primary religion in Pakistan?
NUM:code How does base64 work?
NUM:dist How far is a nautical mile
ENTY:dismed What is vaccination?
ENTY:event What is a competition?
ENTY:other What scale measures earthquakes
HUM:desc What does a therapist do?
NUM:period The italian artist, Maurizio Pellegrin, is how old
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of reptiles
LOC:country What is the capital of Turkey?
ENTY:color what color comes after violet in the visible spectrum
HUM:title What is a spokesperson?
NUM:code What does error code E507 mean in web?
NUM:volsize A cube measures 4 cm on a side. What is the volume of the cube
LOC:other Where is the Grand Canyon
NUM:volsize How large is the Amazon rainforest?
ENTY:symbol What symbol denotes male?
DESC:manner In what way do teachers instruct?
DESC:def What is linguistic accommodation?
ENTY:event Tell me about the Oscars
ENTY:event What famous events have happened on March 27
ENTY:other What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of
ENTY:color How does iron oxide color?
ENTY:food How is maple syrup produced?
HUM:title What is a Minister?
HUM:gr What company is the largest Japanese ship builder
NUM:volsize What is the size of Argentina
NUM:dist What is the distance between Earth and Sun?
ABBR:exp DIY expands to Do It Yourself?
LOC:state What is the capital of Washington?
ABBR:exp Write out SSH in full
DESC:desc What is the history of Valentines Day cards
ENTY:food How is jam made?
LOC:state Where is Maryland?
ENTY:word How many syllables does ambulance have?
NUM:count How much electricity does the brain need to work
ENTY:event When did Cannes Film Festival occur?
ENTY:food What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken
ENTY:substance What are the properties of lead?
NUM:date In what year did Thatcher become prime minister
HUM:desc What does a nurse do?
LOC:state Where is Tennessee?
DESC:def What is coherence?
NUM:weight What is the weight of the human skeleton?
ENTY:instru What is a Horn?
NUM:volsize How large is Lake Michigan?
ENTY:termeq What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called
ENTY:religion What is Christianity?
ENTY:word What does circumscribed mean?
ENTY:symbol What does the $ symbol represent?
NUM:money What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Search Engine Optimization?
ENTY:other What tools do you use to crewel
ENTY:instru What is a knife used for?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a human liver?
ABBR:exp What is EU?
DESC:def What is the definition of paradox?
LOC:other What part of Britain comprises the Highlands, Central Lowlands, and Southern Uplands
LOC:mount What is the highest peak in Africa
LOC:city What city in Florida is Sea World in
DESC:def What are chloroplasts
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Chile?
ENTY:product What do you use a tablet for?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a half-ton in kilograms?
ENTY:veh What is a company vehicle?
DESC:manner How do tourists sightsee?
ABBR:exp What does I.V. stand for
NUM:perc What percentage of Americans own their homes
LOC:other What was Einsteins birthplace
ENTY:body What is the function of the meniscus?
ENTY:other What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business
ENTY:currency What currency does Chile use?
ABBR:exp In a computer, what does SCSI mean
ENTY:cremat What Boris Pasternak book sold 5, 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958
LOC:city What country is Hong Kong in?
ENTY:cremat What is Beethovens 9th symphony called
ENTY:sport What are the rules of swimming?
NUM:ord Who came in fifth place?
ABBR:exp What does THA stand for?
LOC:other Where is Mile High Stadium
NUM:speed How fast can a greyhound dog run?
ENTY:instru What is a Saxophone?
ENTY:word What does diluted mean?
DESC:def What is the definition of quantum?
ENTY:other Whats approaching when a cyclist shouts Oil
ENTY:food What are pseudocereals?
LOC:other Where can one find information on religion and health, the brain and nutrition
ENTY:cremat What book does Holden Caulfield appear in
ENTY:currency What currency does Canada use?
LOC:state What is the capital of Michigan?
HUM:title What is a Dean?
NUM:other What is the number of world religions?
ENTY:word What does arcane mean?
ENTY:other Whats the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S.
ENTY:techmeth How does attention mechanism function?
LOC:landmass What is a plain?
ENTY:color What is flavonoid?
LOC:country What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman
ENTY:animal What makes anal glands important?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching
ENTY:plant What does a grape look like?
NUM:other How many languages use alphabets?
NUM:date When was the American Revolution?
NUM:perc What percentage of voters participate?
ENTY:sport In what sport are these following numbers relevant 118, 126, 134, 142, 15, 158, 167, 177, and 19
NUM:perc What percentage of DNA is cytosine?
DESC:def What does the word fortnight mean
ENTY:instru What is a spoon?
ENTY:food What were the first frozen foods
ABBR:exp What does CHN expand to?
LOC:country What country was Erich Honecker the leader of
ENTY:cremat Tell me about cremation
ENTY:animal What is a bear?
ENTY:cremat What is wake?
ABBR:exp What does SLB represent?
ENTY:symbol What is the ♦ symbol used for?
HUM:gr What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks
NUM:temp What is the boiling point of water in Celsius?
NUM:date When did Spielberg direct Jaws
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of UK?
ENTY:sport What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots
ENTY:product What is a truck made of?
NUM:perc What percentage of the body is muscle
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Chile?
ENTY:color what colour is the sky
NUM:count Count the weeks in a year
HUM:gr What company started out making pies, and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys
NUM:date What is the current date?
ENTY:food What four tastes can a human distinguish
ENTY:other How do museums categorize collections?
HUM:title How are managers?
LOC:city Where is Paris?
ENTY:body What is the vertebra?
ENTY:color What is a common black item?
ENTY:veh What is a tank?
LOC:state What U.S. state has the most blondes
DESC:desc What was the V-8 Juice slogan the tastebud
ENTY:dismed How is cancer treated?
DESC:desc Can you describe the Grand Canyon?
LOC:country Tell me about China
ENTY:color What color are a cherry trees flowers
ENTY:dismed What is heart disease?
HUM:ind What did Charles Darwin do?
ENTY:termeq How are terms defined?
ENTY:product What is a radio made of?
ENTY:color What is the opposite of blue on the color wheel?
LOC:city How are census designated places formed?
ABBR:exp What does CNN stand for
DESC:def How does multilingualism function?
ENTY:dismed What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans
ENTY:religion What is Karaite Judaism?
NUM:ord What is the rank of 7 in prime number series
ENTY:food What is shrimp made from?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a missile?
ENTY:veh What is the seating capacity of a Toyota Land Cruiser?
NUM:speed What is the escape velocity from the Moon?
LOC:water What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean
ENTY:color What is magenta?
ENTY:food What are ancient grains?
ABBR:abb What does SQL stand for?
HUM:gr What is a consortium?
ENTY:word What is a particle?
LOC:city What makes a urban area a city?
LOC:mount Where are the Caucasus Mountains?
ENTY:religion What do Protestantism followers believe?
HUM:desc Who is the Queen Mother
ENTY:food How are leaves eaten?
ENTY:techmeth What technique is used for deep learning?
ENTY:termeq Is couch the same as sofa?
NUM:volsize How many liters are in a gallon?
ENTY:color What color is green?
NUM:period What is the span of a century?
ENTY:product What was the name of the computer in 2001 A Space Odyssey
HUM:gr Who are the atheists?
ENTY:veh What is a trailer used for?
NUM:perc What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992
ENTY:symbol Where is the pound sign symbol used?
DESC:reason What causes rainbow formation?
HUM:gr Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged
HUM:title Whats Mrs. Bridgess job on TVs Upstairs, Downstairs
LOC:country What is a country that starts with the letter x
NUM:volsize How large is Russia?
ABBR:abb What does TPU accelerate?
ENTY:substance What is nitrogen used for?
DESC:def How does hyperbole exaggerate?
ENTY:body What is the function of the vertebra?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a rotating neutron star?
ABBR:exp What does AGO represent?
NUM:code what number corresponds to your secret key
ENTY:termeq What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature
ENTY:product What electric car does Tesla make?
ENTY:instru How many holes does an oboe have?
DESC:desc What captures insufficiency?
ENTY:body What is the pineal?
DESC:desc How is love described affectionately?
ABBR:exp What is a USB port on a computer
DESC:desc What conveys peacefulness?
LOC:state What state is known as the Hawkeye State
NUM:ord What is the twenty-second planet?
HUM:title What is a Officer?
ENTY:color What is bichrome?
NUM:code What is the HTML code for space character?
ABBR:exp What does HMD expand to?
NUM:perc What percentage of children in the world?
NUM:period What is the typical duration of a podcast series?
ENTY:body What are pancreatic enzymes?
HUM:gr How are units?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of Jamiroquai new album
NUM:ord Sequentially, which prime is 5
NUM:other Whats mens par on a 455-yard golf hole
ENTY:event What happened during the Renaissance?
ENTY:religion How do Confucians live?
ENTY:plant What is the Illinois state flower
DESC:def What is a cognate?
DESC:manner How do woodworkers carve?
NUM:weight How many grams of salt should we dissolve in 400 g of water to get a 20% solution
ENTY:symbol What is the ¥ symbol used for?
ABBR:exp What does IBM stand for
LOC:landmass What island group contains Jersey, Guernsey, Sark and Herm
LOC:country What country did the Nile River originate in
DESC:reason What is the esophagus used for
ENTY:animal How do animals age?
ENTY:food What is the active ingredient in baking soda
HUM:ind What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup
NUM:other How many apps are in the Google Play Store?
ENTY:termeq What is the term for someone who hates mankind
ENTY:veh What is an elevator?
DESC:desc Describe the Sahara Desert
DESC:desc What captures sonic imagery?
NUM:period How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles
ENTY:plant Where do maples grow?
DESC:reason Explain why dinosaurs went extinct
DESC:def What is an obtuse angle
ENTY:letter What is the syllable in grammar?
ENTY:cremat What childrens tale contains the line Come, Cinderslut, and hold this skein of wool for me
ENTY:event How are rallies organized?
NUM:period What is the length of a fortnight?
DESC:manner How do you cook pasta?
ENTY:cremat What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in
DESC:reason Why is we need sleep?
LOC:city What is Sydney?
HUM:ind What did Martin Luther King Jr do?
ENTY:animal What makes sexual reproduction advantageous?
NUM:weight What is the atomic weight of silver
NUM:dist How far is it from Sydney to London?
NUM:other What is the population of Mexico
ENTY:event When did the September 11 attacks occur?
ENTY:other How are historical publications archived?
LOC:state How do city-states function?
HUM:ind Who was Mahatma Gandhi?
ENTY:body Where is the prostate?
LOC:state What is the capital of Missouri?
ENTY:product What is a headphones?
NUM:ord What is the second book in the series?
NUM:period How long does it take for a person to learn to type?
HUM:title What is a Treasurer?
HUM:title What rank is Prince?
HUM:desc How does a architect work?
ENTY:plant What does a moss look like?
ENTY:instru What is a hammer used for?
HUM:desc What does a rheumatologist do?
LOC:city What is Beijing?
ENTY:dismed What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism
DESC:def What is the half-life of P-32
ENTY:veh How many doors does a Tesla Model S have?
NUM:dist What is the width of the English Channel?
NUM:temp What is the temperature at the center of the earth
ENTY:religion What is Presbyterianism?
ENTY:termeq What does El Nino mean in spanish
ENTY:product What is a desk?
NUM:perc What percentage of insects are beetles?
ENTY:veh What is the payload capacity of a Ford Ranger?
ENTY:religion How is Confucianism lived?
ENTY:food What drink is made up of rum, coconut milk and pineapple
ENTY:instru How many strings does a koto have?
ENTY:color How is scarlet created?
ENTY:veh What is a wing-in-ground vehicle?
NUM:count How many people were executed for Abraham Lincolns assassination
ENTY:religion What is Judaism?
NUM:volsize How large is Lake Baikal?
ABBR:abb In computing, DHCP refers to what?
HUM:ind What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics
ENTY:other What is Grenadas main commodity export
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym MVP
ENTY:symbol What is the ♠ symbol used for?
HUM:gr What baseball team was routinely called dem bums by its frustrated fans
HUM:title Who holds the title of Countess?
DESC:reason What causes tides?
DESC:desc How is movement described kinetically?
ENTY:body LIke fingerprint, which is the other part of the body which is unique
ABBR:exp What does MRT represent?
ENTY:lang What is the primary language in Iceland
ABBR:exp What does MVC expand to?
HUM:gr What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties
LOC:country Where is Germany?
NUM:date In 1990, what day of the week did Christmas fall on
ENTY:animal What makes homing behavior significant?
DESC:manner In what manner do scouts observe?
DESC:manner In what way do sailors navigate?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the peace symbol
DESC:def What is conceptual blending?
ENTY:color How is navy created?
NUM:dist How far is London UK from California
ENTY:animal What is a hippopotamus?
ENTY:plant What plant has the largest seed
ENTY:animal How big is a reindeer?
ENTY:color What color is olive?
ABBR:exp What does NAFTA stand for
ENTY:food How do chickpeas?
DESC:def What is Linux
ENTY:animal How big is a buffalo?
DESC:reason Why do you say God bless you when people sneeze
ENTY:techmeth What technique creates NFTs?
NUM:temp At what temperature does blood freeze?
ENTY:color What is earth tone?
ENTY:other What card suit originally represented the peasant class
HUM:title What rank is Pope?
NUM:count What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969
ENTY:color name 5 impossible colors
DESC:desc What techniques make atmosphere vivid?
LOC:landmass How are moraines formed?
DESC:def What is a leaky heart valve
ENTY:cremat What is embalming?
NUM:speed What is the speed of light in meters per second?
ENTY:event What was Cannes Film Festival?
ENTY:event What is a conference?
NUM:date When was the NFL established
NUM:period How long does it take for a fruit tree to start bearing fruit?
ENTY:cremat In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children
ABBR:exp What is SAP
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Italian alphabet have?
ENTY:product What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use
LOC:country What country claimed Rubens, Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens
NUM:count What is the number of teeth in an adult?
ENTY:instru What tool measures electric field?
NUM:count What is the population of Argentina?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal form of 20?
ENTY:food What is a carbohydrate?
NUM:money How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth, Thomas Jefferson on it
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym RAM
ENTY:techmeth What is artificial intelligence?
ABBR:exp What does HTI represent?
ENTY:animal What makes regeneration beneficial?
DESC:manner How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible
ENTY:sport How is skiing played?
NUM:speed do you know the speed of light in a vaccum
DESC:def What is the definition of enzyme?
DESC:reason Why does water freezes at 0°C?
ENTY:veh What is a minivan?
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of India?
DESC:desc How are objects described in writing?
LOC:state What state was Herbert Hoover born in
ENTY:other How do institutions preserve history?
ENTY:product Which portable charger has highest capacity?
NUM:code What is the ASCII code for carriage return?
LOC:water How wide is the Mississippi River?
NUM:date What year was DNA structure discovered?
ENTY:cremat Jude Law acted in which film
LOC:state What is the largest city in South Dakota?
HUM:gr What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante
ENTY:body How do ligaments?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the atom
NUM:dist what is the diameter of the electron
NUM:ord What is the tenth letter of the alphabet?
LOC:country Where is Kenya?
NUM:code What phone number can I call to have a tree planted
ENTY:religion What is Confucianism?
ABBR:exp What does KGZ represent?
HUM:desc What is the role of a instructor?
LOC:city What is Paris?
ENTY:religion How many Muslims are there?
HUM:title What rank is Empress?
LOC:city Tell me about Moscow
LOC:mount How high is Mount Denali?
ENTY:color How does mate choice use?
ABBR:abb In computing, USB refers to what?
ENTY:substance What is oil?
NUM:money How much does a coffee cost?
DESC:manner How did Janice Joplin die
NUM:speed What is a jet plane speed?
NUM:code What does error code E503 mean in web?
NUM:other How many cells does the human body have?
ENTY:event When did the fall of the Berlin Wall occur?
ENTY:event The trials resulting from World War II are known as what
NUM:date When was CNNs first broadcast
NUM:money How much does a newspaper cost?
ENTY:symbol What is the ampersand symbol?
NUM:perc What percentage of adults working full-time?
LOC:city What is Singapore?
DESC:def What is the definition of gravity?
ENTY:cremat What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta
ENTY:food How is teff cultivated?
NUM:dist How far can something travel?
LOC:other Where are the Union Stockyards
DESC:desc What captures repetition with variation?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to residence?
ENTY:food How is trout?
ENTY:body What is the longest bone in the human body
LOC:country What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox
NUM:volsize What size is a AA battery?
ENTY:color What color is a peacock?
NUM:period What is the duration of education?
LOC:other What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle
HUM:desc What is the role of a lecturer?
LOC:city How are districts organized?
ENTY:animal What makes dominance hierarchies form?
ENTY:letter What is a consonant?
LOC:country What defines a union?
NUM:perc What percentage of food is imported globally?
NUM:temp At what temperature does tin melt?
HUM:gr How is a board organized?
LOC:water What connects to the Indian Ocean?
ENTY:food What did brontosauruses eat
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of odors, body,
ENTY:event What happened during the Olympics?
NUM:temp What is the boiling point of methanol?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures power?
NUM:speed How fast can a peregrine falcon dive?
DESC:def What is parameter setting?
LOC:state Where is Georgia?
HUM:desc What is a therapist?
ENTY:body What is the function of the parietal lobe?
ENTY:cremat What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family, driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl
DESC:desc What conveys attractiveness?
ENTY:event Tell me about the Reformation
DESC:def How does phonetic change occur?
HUM:title What rank is Provost?
DESC:manner How do carpenters frame?
DESC:reason Why do synapses connect?
ENTY:color What color is beige?
LOC:other Where did George of the Jungle live
ENTY:termeq Whats the term for any four-sided figure
HUM:ind What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt
LOC:landmass Where is Antarctica?
DESC:desc How are sounds described onomatopoetically?
NUM:code what number should i call in case of emergency
ENTY:food What are liqueurs?
ENTY:veh What is a sedan?
NUM:period What is the gestation period for human pregnancies
HUM:desc What does a journalist do?
ENTY:color What color is blue?
NUM:ord What is the twenty-first book in the series?
NUM:date When is Thanksgiving?
ENTY:letter What letter represents sodium on the periodic table?
ENTY:body Where is the throat?
LOC:other Which area produces the least acidic coffee
HUM:gr What defines a squad?
ENTY:dismed What is sickle cell disease?
DESC:desc What are differences between 1980 and 1990
HUM:title Who painted The Creation of Adam?
NUM:code What is the HTML code for null?
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in Iceland?
HUM:desc What is the role of a nurse?
LOC:water How salty is the Red Sea?
ENTY:termeq What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross
LOC:other What is the longest suspension bridge in the U.S.
NUM:period What is the average lifespan of a horse?
ENTY:currency How are economies indexed?
ENTY:veh What is a cargo plane used for?
NUM:speed what is the average speed of a komodo dragon
ABBR:abb OLED abbreviates what?
HUM:ind Who used AuH2O as an election slogan
DESC:reason Why do joints bend?
ENTY:food What are shellfish?
LOC:country Where is Ukraine?
ENTY:word What does translucent mean?
LOC:state What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest
ENTY:symbol What is the ™ symbol used for?
ENTY:word What does gratuitous mean?
LOC:landmass Which Archipelago is in the Aegean Sea
DESC:manner What is the method for bake a cake?
NUM:perc What percentage of DNA do we share with chimps?
ENTY:body How does urination occur?
NUM:date What year did Oklahoma become a state
ENTY:instru What instrument does Benny Carter play
LOC:other What is an obscure geographical location?
ENTY:techmeth What are the five basic swimming strokes
LOC:landmass What is the Levant?
LOC:mount What is the height of Mount Everest?
NUM:dist How many miles between Earth and Sun?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of night or darkness
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for kroner?
DESC:manner How do landscapers design?
DESC:def What is commonly considered the fifth sense
ENTY:body What does the tooth do?
LOC:mount Where is Rocky Mountains?
ENTY:product What product did William Horlick discover and produce
DESC:reason Why is Chicago named Chicago
NUM:count How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy
ENTY:religion What religion is Orthodoxy?
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a photometer?
ENTY:religion What religion do Samaritans practice?
LOC:city What is the oldest city in the United States
NUM:date In what year was actress Joan Collins born
NUM:weight Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole
HUM:desc What is an anesthesiologist?
ENTY:plant How do herbs grow?
DESC:def How does acquisition work?
ENTY:dismed What is AIDS?
LOC:landmass How are escarpments formed?
ENTY:techmeth How does desalination work?
ENTY:veh What is a combine harvester used for?
ENTY:color How does albinism occur?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of hydrogen peroxide?
NUM:date What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942
LOC:country Tell me about Iran
NUM:count What is the number of letters in the alphabet?
DESC:desc What is the Great Wall of China like?
NUM:temp At what temperature does oil boil?
ENTY:animal How big is a deer?
NUM:weight How much does a standard dollar bill weigh?
HUM:title what is your line of work
NUM:period How many hours are in a day?
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Italy?
ENTY:body What is the pituitary?
NUM:count How many letters in English?
LOC:mount Name the world’s highest mountain
NUM:date What date is Independence Day?
ENTY:food What is milk?
ENTY:body What is the only muscle in the human body that works without any support from the skeleton
LOC:city How are cities structured?
ENTY:letter What letter denotes the vocative case?
ENTY:techmeth What is containerization in software?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of going to bed
NUM:speed How fast can a cheetah accelerate to top speed?
ENTY:body What does the mouth do?
LOC:country What country lies directly south of Detroit
ENTY:veh What is the turning radius of a city bus?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a car?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths iron comes from meteorites?
DESC:desc What captures objective detail?
ENTY:veh What is the name of William Penns ship
NUM:money How much does a home renovation cost?
LOC:other Where is Global Schoolhouse
ENTY:symbol What is the heart symbol?
ENTY:plant Which plant is used to make olive oil?
DESC:desc Tell me about a solar eclipse
LOC:city What is Dublin?
NUM:period What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm
ENTY:product What is a dishwasher made of?
ENTY:product How does a television operate?
DESC:def How does irony work?
ENTY:letter How many syllables are in English?
DESC:def What is genocide
DESC:desc What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery
NUM:perc What percentage of Earth is covered by water?
NUM:period How long is a decade?
ABBR:exp What does BLG expand to?
DESC:desc What conveys physical experience?
ENTY:veh How does a cargo plane work?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Machine Learning?
HUM:ind Who was Darth Vaders son
LOC:state Where is Pennsylvania?
NUM:volsize How large is the Aral Sea?
ENTY:product What smart speaker has the best voice assistant?
NUM:period How many hours of community service are typical?
ENTY:color How do gratings color?
LOC:city What is the capital of Ethiopia
DESC:def How would you define bandwidth?
ABBR:exp What does POR represent?
ENTY:religion What is Reconstructionism?
LOC:country What is the capital of Morocco?
ENTY:religion What religion do Christian Scientists follow?
ENTY:veh What is a dump truck?
ENTY:currency What is the exchange rate of currencies?
DESC:manner How do you get a girl to have sex with you
NUM:dist How high is the city of Denver
ENTY:color How is noir formed?
ENTY:food How is casein used?
ENTY:currency What is the ringgit?
LOC:water What connects to the Lake Baikal?
ENTY:plant Which plant is used for Companion planting?
ABBR:exp What is DTMF
DESC:desc What conveys achievement?
ENTY:symbol What is the ∑ symbol used for?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for tab?
HUM:desc Who was Jean Nicolet
LOC:country Where is Canada?
DESC:def What is language transfer?
NUM:dist How far is New York from Amsterdam?
LOC:landmass What countries are in Madagascar?
ENTY:animal How do parasites feed?
NUM:date When was Rosa Parks born
ENTY:currency What is the dirham?
ENTY:techmeth What is variational inference?
NUM:count How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in
ABBR:exp RSVP expands to Répondez Sil Vous Plaît?
NUM:temp At what temperature does glass become plastic?
ENTY:color What is ivory?
NUM:other What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea
DESC:def What is the definition of entropy?
ENTY:plant What is a orange?
DESC:manner How do campers set up tents?
DESC:def What is personification?
ENTY:other How are historical collections cataloged?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a milligram in ounces?
NUM:code what is my phone number
ABBR:exp What does AFG expand to?
ENTY:product What do you use a boat for?
DESC:reason Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through
NUM:period What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project
ENTY:instru What device measures heat index?
HUM:desc What does a astronaut do?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Portuguese?
ENTY:termeq What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an inoperative statement
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of motion
ENTY:event What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27
DESC:def What is a meerkat
NUM:code What does error code 418 mean?
NUM:money What was the price of Varian Associates vacuum products division
ENTY:product What is the Aston Martin?
HUM:title What rank is Baroness?
ENTY:cremat How do death certificates work?
NUM:temp At what temperature does carbon dioxide sublimate?
NUM:perc What percentage of people have blue eyes?
NUM:other What is a factorial?
DESC:reason What is Margaret Thatcher known for
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Beijing?
NUM:volsize How large is the Sahara Desert in square kilometers?
DESC:desc What are the current immigration laws in US
LOC:country What is national sovereignty?
ENTY:word What does melancholic mean?
DESC:desc What captures struggle?
LOC:water What river is Pocahontas buried along
HUM:title What is a Captain?
LOC:city What country is Prague in?
LOC:landmass Where is Africa?
NUM:period How long is pregnancy?
DESC:desc What is the origin of head lice
ABBR:exp What does TGO represent?
ENTY:body How does the anus expel?
ENTY:food What was the food of the Greek gods called
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Czech Republic?
ENTY:cremat What is a trust fund?
NUM:speed How fast does a sailboat travel?
NUM:speed What is the escape velocity from Earth?
ENTY:instru What is a scale?
ENTY:animal Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse
DESC:reason Why do insects crawl?
ENTY:currency What is the yuan?
DESC:desc Tell me about the Amazon River
ENTY:dismed What is penicillin?
DESC:reason Why are there olives in martinis
DESC:reason What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state
LOC:landmass What is Greenland?
LOC:country What country has the largest sheep population
ABBR:exp What does BMW stand for
HUM:title What rank is Princess?
DESC:def What is calquing?
ENTY:substance What are the stars made of
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym DNS
ENTY:food Where does grape come from?
ENTY:veh What is a hot air balloon?
ENTY:sport What are the rules of long jump?
ENTY:veh What is the average fuel tank fill time?
ENTY:dismed How is Ebola treated?
NUM:temp Oxygen has a boiling point of 90.19 K. What is the temperature in Fahrenheit
DESC:manner How do you measure the heat of the sun
ENTY:product Which portable speaker is waterproof?
ABBR:exp Write out SSD in full
ENTY:animal What is Dudley Do-Rights horses name
LOC:city Where is London?
ENTY:color What is a common green item?
ENTY:religion What is New Age spirituality?
ABBR:exp ROM means what in full form?
HUM:gr What is the oldest university in the US
DESC:desc How is music described harmoniously?
HUM:desc What is a dancer?
DESC:reason What causes thunder?
ENTY:techmeth How does robotics work?
LOC:mount How high is Mount Aconcagua?
ENTY:food How are game birds?
ENTY:plant Which plant is used in permaculture?
LOC:city What is Mumbai?
ENTY:color What is the colour of the circle which is the sixth (6th) from the left
DESC:def What is spaceball played on
NUM:date When did the art of quilting begin
ENTY:instru What is a Harmonica?
ENTY:color What is aposematism?
LOC:city How are settlements?
ENTY:food What is wine made from?
NUM:other What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war
NUM:perc What percentage of workers get paid vacation time?
NUM:date When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur
NUM:ord Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area
NUM:other What is the protection rate of using condoms
NUM:code What does error code E504 mean in web?
NUM:count How many spears are there on Kenyas flag
NUM:code What is the ASCII code?
LOC:country Tell me about Poland
ENTY:food What is strawberry made from?
NUM:period How long does a typical Hollywood film last?
ENTY:instru How many strings does a violin have?
LOC:city What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World
NUM:code what is the pin number
ENTY:animal What makes camouflage effective?
DESC:manner How do forensicists analyze?
LOC:state What is the capital of Florida?
ABBR:exp What is DEET
HUM:gr Who are the Gen X?
ENTY:instru How do you use a screwdriver?
ENTY:food What is lettuce made from?
LOC:landmass On what continent is Mozambique
ENTY:techmeth How does CRISPR gene editing work?
DESC:manner In what manner do jewelers polish?
ENTY:techmeth What is Monte Carlo method?
ENTY:symbol What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen?
ENTY:veh In what spacecraft did U.S. astronaut Alan Shepard make his historic 1961 flight
LOC:country What country has the highest arson rate
DESC:manner How do barbers shave?
LOC:city What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently
ENTY:symbol What is the ✓ symbol used for?
ABBR:abb What does LAN connect?
NUM:date When was Algeria colonized
ABBR:exp What is the full name of the PLO
NUM:count How many sides of a die are there?
ABBR:exp What does CHE represent?
ENTY:animal How do reptiles differ from amphibians?
NUM:other What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso, Texas
LOC:state How are counties organized?
LOC:country Tell me about Ukraine
ENTY:event What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors
ENTY:word How many syllables does the word mnemonic have?
DESC:manner In what manner do anthropologists research?
HUM:ind Who was Shakespeare?
ABBR:abb What does UI design?
ENTY:animal What makes zoonosis important?
ENTY:animal What kind of mammal is a colt
NUM:period How many minutes is a power nap?
ENTY:instru How many pedals does a standard piano have?
HUM:gr What is a partnership?
DESC:reason Whats the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta
ENTY:color Whats the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage
LOC:country What country did Ponce de Leon come from
ENTY:veh What is a yacht used for?
ENTY:termeq What is another astronomic term for the Northern Lights
HUM:ind Tell me about Abraham Lincoln
ENTY:substance What is the statue of liberty made of
ENTY:food What is amaranth?
DESC:def What is swap math
NUM:other What is the population of Seattle
ENTY:color What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray
DESC:reason Explain why plants need sunlight
NUM:dist What is the radius of Earth?
ABBR:exp What does EKG stand for
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Switzerland?
HUM:ind What did Julius Caesar do?
HUM:ind What did Aristotle do?
DESC:manner How do bakers bake?
LOC:state What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports
DESC:reason Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes
NUM:perc What percentage of households have internet?
LOC:country How are confederations?
HUM:desc Describe a typical chemist
NUM:perc What percentage of DNA is guanine?
DESC:manner In what manner do professionals work?
ABBR:exp What does CYP expand to?
NUM:count How many bones in the body are there?
DESC:reason Why do avalanches slide?
NUM:temp Gallium is a metal that can melt in your hand at 302.93 K. What is the temperature in Celsius (to the hundredth)
NUM:weight A car has a weight of 10,000 N. What is the mass of the car on Earth
ENTY:sport What is basketball?
HUM:desc What is the role of a tutor?
DESC:desc How is behavior described behaviorally?
HUM:desc How does a administrator work?
LOC:country Tell me about Kenya
LOC:country What continent is Israel in?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Left-to-Right?
DESC:manner What is the method for plant a seed?
ENTY:veh What is the carrying capacity of a standard shopping cart?
LOC:state What is Arizona known for?
ENTY:animal How do animals learn?
NUM:count What is the population of Mexico?
NUM:count What is the number of states of Chile?
HUM:desc What is an ophthalmologist?
DESC:manner In what manner do trainers condition?
ENTY:color What is a common bronze item?
NUM:ord What is the third element?
NUM:count Count the animals
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds population is in poverty?
DESC:def How do appositives work?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in FTP stand for?
ENTY:veh What is the gas tank size of a Nissan Altima?
NUM:temp What is the freezing point of salt water?
ENTY:other What was the first TV set to include a remote control
LOC:water Where is the Red Sea?
DESC:def What is epilepsy
DESC:def What is the definition of metabolism?
DESC:def What does N est-ce pas mean
ENTY:letter What letter denotes the subjective case?
ENTY:veh What is a crane?
ABBR:exp ASAP is the short form of what?
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for peso?
ENTY:body What are ganglia?
LOC:landmass What is a meadow?
NUM:count What is the population of Russia?
ENTY:symbol What does the degree symbol represent?
NUM:dist How far is Earth and Sun?
ENTY:cremat What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets
DESC:def What is the executor in a will
ENTY:sport What are the rules of weightlifting?
LOC:state What state has the most Indians
ENTY:religion What is Methodism?
HUM:title What was Eduard Shevardnadzes job in the Soviet Union
ENTY:veh What is the seating capacity of a Honda Odyssey minivan?
ENTY:other What generation am I in
DESC:reason What causes skepticism?
LOC:city What is a borough?
ENTY:other What did Vasco da Gama discover
NUM:volsize What is the volume of the figure in cubic units
ABBR:exp What does B.Y.O.B. mean
DESC:reason What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for
ENTY:lang What is Greek known for?
NUM:temp What is the temperature at Earths core?
ENTY:animal What makes mating strategies vary?
ENTY:product What is a refrigerator made of?
HUM:title How does a CEO lead?
ENTY:dismed What is foot and mouth disease
LOC:city What is the capital of Burkina Faso
ENTY:letter name the least used consonant in the latin alphabet
ENTY:termeq What is another word for couch?
LOC:water What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands
ENTY:currency What is the symbol for ringgit?
ENTY:other To what does Microsofts Windows 3 owe its success
LOC:other Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur
DESC:reason What causes pneumonia
ENTY:veh How many axles does a standard passenger car have?
NUM:count How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole
ENTY:veh What is the maximum speed of a police motorcycle?
ENTY:product What is a printer made of?
ENTY:lang Whats the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium
ENTY:instru What is a Trumpet?
ENTY:cremat What is a mausoleum?
DESC:manner In what manner do navigators orient?
ABBR:abb Explain the acronym LCD
ENTY:body What is the function of the lungs?
ENTY:body What is the uterus?
ENTY:instru How many holes does a pan flute have?
LOC:country Tell me about Czech Republic
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for General Headquarters?
NUM:temp What is the boiling point?
ABBR:abb What does FBI stand for?
LOC:state What state is the Filenes store located in
ENTY:letter What letter denotes the ablative case?
ABBR:abb What does EB represent?
ENTY:color What is azure?
ENTY:body What is the respiratory system?
HUM:gr What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic
LOC:city What is Los Angeles?
ENTY:body What part of the human body doesnt change its size during a persons lifetime
DESC:reason Explain why leaves change color in fall
ENTY:veh What is the cargo hold volume of a commercial cargo plane?
ENTY:animal What makes pouch protection?
DESC:reason Why do glands secrete?
HUM:ind Who directed Citizen Kane
ENTY:veh give some examples of fictional aircraft
NUM:count How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge
ENTY:veh What is the turning radius of a garbage truck?
ENTY:plant What does a banana look like?
DESC:reason Why do the chickenpoxs last so long
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Hard Disk Drive?
ENTY:other What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx
NUM:ord What is the fourteenth letter of the alphabet?
ENTY:dismed Which infectious disease is the worlds deadliest
ENTY:product What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear
NUM:temp What temperature is comfortable room temperature?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a ton in kilograms?
ENTY:instru What is a Cello?
NUM:other What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters
ABBR:abb What does VPN protect?
NUM:temp At what temperature does rock salt begin to melt?
NUM:other How many continents?
NUM:period How long is the typical duration of a lease agreement?
NUM:ord Who came in twenty-second place?
ABBR:abb What does MHz measure?
ENTY:substance What is plastic made of
ENTY:techmeth How does neural network learn?
LOC:state How are areas?
NUM:date What year was the NAACP founded
ENTY:veh What is an SUV?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the first name Breony
NUM:count How many teeth in an adult are there?
ENTY:currency What currency does Nigeria use?
ENTY:product Italy is the largest producer of what
DESC:manner Describe how to write a letter
ENTY:animal How do animals coexist?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the kroner?
NUM:period How long is the typical duration of a common cold?
ENTY:plant What is a grape?
NUM:weight Calculate the mass of the cuboid with dimensions of 12 cm; 0.8 dm and 100 mm made from spruce wood
ENTY:termeq What is another word for physician?
ENTY:veh How many spark plugs does a V6 engine have?
DESC:reason Why do they call it a funny bone
ENTY:substance What are the properties of glass?
ENTY:word What does exultant mean?
ENTY:food How are fermented foods?
ENTY:body What is plasma?
ENTY:event What is a performance?
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Colombia?
ENTY:product What is a radio?
NUM:temp What is the boiling point of water?
ENTY:currency What is the dong?
ENTY:dismed What is autism?
LOC:other Where can I get U.S. economic statistics
NUM:code What is Kevins phone number
DESC:reason Why do earthquakes occur?
ENTY:body How do sarcomeres shorten?
ENTY:animal What is the loudest animals in the world
NUM:volsize What is the capacity of a standard water bottle?
ENTY:word What is a adjective?
ENTY:veh What is the turning radius of a school bus?
ENTY:event When did the American Revolution occur?
LOC:mount What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa
ENTY:symbol What is the * symbol used for?
LOC:landmass Where is North America?
ENTY:symbol What is the # symbol used for?
ENTY:food What is hamburger?
DESC:manner How do herpetologists study?
DESC:manner How does a glacier form
NUM:temp How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins
ENTY:instru What is the purpose of a nephelometer?
ENTY:food What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent
DESC:desc What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated
ENTY:animal What makes warning coloration work?
ENTY:veh What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985
LOC:city How are provinces organized?
ENTY:techmeth What is the formula to calculate pi
DESC:def What is a verb phrase?
DESC:def What is a bone marrow transplant meant for
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a warranty period?
DESC:reason Why do diseases manifest?
ENTY:color What color is the cross on Switzerlands flag
ENTY:substance What is the chemical composition of a Barbie
ENTY:letter What is the font in grammar?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths biodiversity is in rainforests?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation URL
NUM:dist How far is it from New Delhi to Bangkok?
DESC:desc How is hope described aspirationally?
ENTY:body What is the intestine?
NUM:period How old is singer Freedy Johnston
ENTY:letter What is the letter that precedes B in the alphabet?
LOC:city What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro
ABBR:exp HDMI is short for what exactly?
NUM:date What year was the Civil War?
ENTY:instru What is a blood pressure cuff?
ENTY:other What does a phobophobe fear
ENTY:food What is tuna?
LOC:water What body of water does the Danube River flow into
LOC:landmass Which continent is Spain part of?
ENTY:product What is a airplane?
LOC:state What is the capital of New Mexico?
DESC:reason Why is our nails grow?
ENTY:body What is the hypodermis?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a bolt of lightning?
ENTY:lang What language is spoken in Norway?
ENTY:sport How is swimming played?
NUM:period What is the lifespan of a standard incandescent light bulb?
DESC:desc What was the importance of Magellan
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths atmosphere is oxygen?
DESC:def What is grammaticalization?
LOC:mount what is the largest mountain chain
LOC:city Where is Tokyo?
LOC:mount Where is Mount Rushmore?
ENTY:word What is a homonym?
ABBR:exp What is an acronym?
ABBR:abb What does POTUS mean?
DESC:def What is a troponym?
LOC:state Where is North Carolina?
HUM:ind Who discovered imaginary numbers
NUM:ord What is the third book in the series?
NUM:period How many years is a decade?
ABBR:abb What does RAM provide?
NUM:perc What percentage of Earths population is vegetarian?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of speaking
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to physician?
NUM:perc What percentage of the world is water?
DESC:manner In what way do sculptors chisel?
ENTY:instru What is a piano used for?
ENTY:food What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with
ENTY:product What is a table made of?
ENTY:color How is aqua created?
ENTY:veh What is the maximum gradability of a heavy truck?
ENTY:lang What are the four most widely-used languages in North America
NUM:other What is the most-downloaded app?
NUM:date When was John D. Rockefeller born
ABBR:abb What does IaaS stand for?
NUM:count How many countries are there?
NUM:weight How much do all the cars on Earth weigh?
LOC:city What country is Berlin in?
NUM:volsize How large is the Pacific Ocean?
NUM:count What is the number of weeks in a year?
ENTY:food What is tea made from?
ENTY:animal What makes intelligence variable?
NUM:date What is the date of New Year?
HUM:ind What did Homer do?
ENTY:letter What is a syllable?
NUM:perc What percentage of women in the workforce?
NUM:count What is the number of continents?
NUM:dist What is the depth of the Nile river
DESC:manner What is the method for meditation?
DESC:desc How is hardship described harshly?
ENTY:product What is Honda?
ENTY:plant How do stems transport?
LOC:country What continent is Ukraine in?
NUM:volsize How large is Australia?
ENTY:event What were the trials called which followed World War II
ABBR:exp Write out ROM in full
NUM:perc What percent of the population has brown eyes?
LOC:country What nation boarders Mozambique
ENTY:food How are geese?
ENTY:color What color is a jay?
LOC:country What defines a federation?
NUM:count Count the planets
ENTY:color What is the RGB value of red?
ENTY:word What does meticulous mean?
ENTY:religion What is Bahai Faith?
ENTY:sport What is a research expedition in mountain climbing
LOC:other What desert has been called The Garden of Allah
HUM:ind What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor
ABBR:exp What does GNB expand to?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a human heart?
ABBR:exp What does dB expand to?
DESC:def What does the word affiant mean
ENTY:lang What is Swedish?
ENTY:food Which Mexican food has a name meaning “little donkey”
ENTY:symbol Where is the crescent symbol used?
NUM:count How many muscles in the body are there?
ENTY:word What does opaque mean?
LOC:other Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act
ENTY:lang How many people speak English?
LOC:landmass What is the largest continent?
NUM:date When was child labor abolished
ENTY:religion What is Mormonism based on?
ENTY:word What is the longest one-syllable word?
HUM:ind How does a journalist contribute?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of color
ENTY:veh How does a yacht work?
ABBR:exp What do the letters in HDD stand for?
ABBR:abb What does PB store?
ENTY:color What color is violet?
DESC:manner How do athletes train?
DESC:reason What causes baldness?
NUM:date What date is Boxing Day
LOC:water What ocean did the Titanic sink in
NUM:perc What percentage of children are affected?
ENTY:cremat What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs, Florida
ENTY:animal What was the monster in Spielbergs film Jaws
ENTY:lang What language uses the most letters?
LOC:country Where is Algeria?
HUM:desc How does a researcher work?
NUM:date When is a woman most fertile
NUM:dist How far is New York from Paris?
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Spain?
LOC:country What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu
NUM:date When was the G7 group of nations formed
ENTY:body What are sebaceous glands?
NUM:perc What percentage is from advertising?
ENTY:color How does pteridine pigment work?
LOC:city What North American city sprouts the most parking meters
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for space character?
ENTY:veh What is a glider?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the term buffalo wings that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce
ENTY:cremat What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy
HUM:ind Who was Lauren Bacalls first husband
HUM:gr What do we call faculty?
DESC:def How does abbreviation work?
ENTY:symbol What is the moon symbol?
ENTY:other What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes
ENTY:food What is watermelon?
NUM:money How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth
NUM:count Count the bones in the body
HUM:title Who wrote The Great Gatsby?
NUM:temp What is the surface temperature of the planet Venus?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Internet Service Provider?
ENTY:veh What is a crane used for?
ABBR:exp What is WHO?
HUM:ind Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland
NUM:period How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth
NUM:period How long do hermit crabs live
NUM:weight What is the weight of a Boeing 747?
DESC:desc How is scarcity described sparsely?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Random Access Memory?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of the core of the Earth?
ABBR:exp What does the word LASER mean
NUM:ord Sequentially, which place are you
DESC:reason What causes desertification?
ENTY:animal What are herbivores?
NUM:temp The average surface temperature on Mars is -63 C. What is the temperature in Fahrenheit
NUM:count How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer
DESC:reason Why do people get sick?
NUM:dist How far is Moscow from St Petersburg?
LOC:state Where is Texas?
LOC:state What is the capital of Texas?
NUM:other Whats the population of Biloxi, Mississippi
DESC:desc Can you describe a solar eclipse?
ENTY:veh How many seats does a luxury yacht tender typically have?
LOC:mount How tall is McKinley?
DESC:manner What is the method for change a tire?
LOC:other What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Japan?
ABBR:abb What is the meaning of NATO?
LOC:city Where is Toronto?
ENTY:product What is a toothbrush?
DESC:reason What causes coughing?
DESC:reason What causes crime?
DESC:reason Why do stocks rise?
DESC:def How would you define osmosis?
ENTY:body How does the vagina function?
ENTY:other What is the biggest thing humans have made
NUM:code What is the HTML code for carriage return?
ENTY:veh What is a car?
ENTY:instru What is a microscope used for?
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter B in English?
LOC:water Where is the Caribbean Sea?
HUM:gr What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock
NUM:period What is the typical duration of postpartum recovery?
NUM:weight What is the weight of the Empire State Building?
HUM:desc What is an orthopedic surgeon?
ENTY:symbol what symbol is used to represent the imaginary numbers
NUM:dist How long is the Coney Island boardwalk
HUM:desc How does a pathologist diagnose diseases?
ENTY:product What do you use a television for?
NUM:date What year did humans land on the moon?
ENTY:color How does light scattering work?
ENTY:product What is the brand name of daminozide
ENTY:event What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after
DESC:def What is the virus HIV
DESC:reason Why do wages vary?
ENTY:food What is Lettuce?
HUM:ind How does a engineer contribute?
NUM:count How many were in attendance at the Last Supper
HUM:gr What group of people shares characteristic X?
ENTY:animal What is an amphibian?
ENTY:food Where does broccoli come from?
ENTY:veh What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France
ENTY:lang What is English?
DESC:desc What adjectives describe touch sensations?
HUM:desc What is a philologist?
HUM:gr How is a department organized?
LOC:mount Name a volcano on the island of Hawaii
NUM:volsize how small is the smallest organism
ENTY:sport What are the rules of wrestling?
ENTY:instru What is a Oboe?
ENTY:lang What is Vietnamese?
LOC:landmass What is Cyprus?
ENTY:animal What are the snakes of New England
ENTY:word What does tenuous mean?
ENTY:cremat What did Thomas Paine write
NUM:count What is the population of Indonesia?
ABBR:abb HTTP is an abbreviation for what?
HUM:title What rank is Sergeant?
ENTY:lang Where is Spanish spoken?
NUM:other What is a ratio?
ENTY:termeq What is a term equivalent to adolescent?
ENTY:product What do you use a monitor for?
ENTY:word What does victorious mean?
ENTY:symbol What does the ™ symbol mean?
HUM:gr What defines a committee?
LOC:landmass What Archipelago does ilha das flores belong to
DESC:def What is an oxymoron?
ENTY:word What is a portmanteau?
ENTY:lang What language is the easiest to learn?
HUM:gr What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss
HUM:gr What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones
ENTY:body What is the length of the small intestine?
LOC:state What state does Charles Robb represent
ENTY:other What is Aprils gemstone
NUM:volsize How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old
ENTY:food What is tea?
ABBR:exp PTO is short for what?
HUM:desc What does a designer do?
ENTY:religion What is Shinto?
ENTY:sport Garry Kasparov plays what game
ENTY:cremat What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie, a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night
NUM:dist How far can a man travel in outer space
LOC:country Tell me about Canada
HUM:ind Name one of King Henry VIIIs wives
LOC:landmass What countries are in Balkan Peninsula?
ABBR:abb What does API stand for?
ENTY:veh What is a raft?
DESC:reason Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania
LOC:landmass How are cliffs formed?
LOC:other Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander
HUM:title What is a Governor?
ENTY:substance What is concrete used for?
DESC:def How do converseness pairs work?
NUM:weight What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5, 6
ENTY:sport What is hockey?
ENTY:body What are nails?
ENTY:veh What is a show vehicle?
ENTY:product What do you use a table for?
ABBR:abb In computing, HDD refers to what?
LOC:country How are regional organizations formed?
DESC:reason What causes dispersion?
LOC:mount What country has Rocky Mountains?
LOC:other Where is Tornado Alley
NUM:period How long is the average commute to work?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Chinese?
HUM:title Who wrote The Catcher in the Rye?
LOC:country Name the largest country in South America
ENTY:letter What is the pronunciation of the letter C in English?
ENTY:symbol What is the ® symbol used for?
ENTY:food How is chocolate tempered?
ENTY:letter What letter represents phosphorus on the periodic table?
DESC:desc How is tradition described classically?
ENTY:animal What makes eyesight important?
ENTY:product Which air fryer is largest capacity?
DESC:reason Why do rains fall?
HUM:ind What did Abraham Lincoln do?
ENTY:word What is a sentence?
LOC:state What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain, the worlds largest mass of exposed granite
HUM:desc What is a pilot?
ENTY:other What is a cultural heritage site?
ENTY:currency What is a currency peg?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for backspace?
NUM:speed How fast can a grizzly bear run?
LOC:water Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory
ENTY:sport What card game derived its name from biritch, or Russian Whist
LOC:country Where is Czech Republic?
ENTY:cremat What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries
DESC:def What is amitriptyline
ENTY:body What are myofibrils?
ENTY:lang What is the main language of Turkey?
ENTY:veh What is the cargo capacity of a pickup truck bed?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Patriarch?
DESC:desc What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse
ENTY:plant How are fruits formed?
ENTY:color What color is a poison arrow frog
ENTY:food What is Chicken?
NUM:period How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant
ENTY:other What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable
HUM:gr What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren
LOC:landmass Which continent has the most countries?
ENTY:termeq What are the Cleveland Indians also called
LOC:other Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie
ENTY:veh What is the suspension travel range in SUVs?
DESC:desc What conveys forward movement?
HUM:gr What do we call citizens?
ENTY:animal What makes parental care important?
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Mexico?
ENTY:color What is maroon?
LOC:city What country is Beijing in?
DESC:manner How does hair curl
ENTY:color What is crystal structure coloration?
NUM:period What is the lifespan?
ENTY:animal What are the three animals in Sheila Burnfords The Incredible Journey
LOC:water How salty is the Black Sea?
ABBR:abb What does EPA stand for?
DESC:def How does semantic bleaching occur?
LOC:other Where is the location of the Orange Bowl
ABBR:exp What does ASM stand for?
HUM:ind What U.S. President was the first to breed mules
DESC:reason Why do birds migrate?
ENTY:dismed What causes mumps?
LOC:landmass Which continent has the Great Barrier Reef?
ENTY:product What do you use a printer for?
ENTY:body How does the bladder store?
DESC:reason Why did the Globe Theatre burn down
LOC:mount What is the tallest mountain in the world?
ENTY:letter what vowel do male names usually end with in portuguese
ENTY:termeq Whats the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave
LOC:state What states do not have state income tax
DESC:desc Tell me about the Eiffel Tower
ENTY:color What color is turquoise?
ENTY:plant What is a spinach?
ENTY:veh What is a wagon?
ENTY:other What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly
ENTY:religion What is Rastafarianism?
NUM:temp What is the melting point of copper?
ENTY:letter What letter is used for iron on the periodic table?
DESC:desc How is politics described civically?
NUM:temp What is the melting point of ice in Celsius?
LOC:country What continent is Argentina in?
ENTY:other What did 8, CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN
ENTY:sport How is bowling played?
ENTY:color What is a common blue item?
HUM:ind How are scientists?
ENTY:body Which gland secretes mucus and is found in the duodenum only
ENTY:termeq What is another word for dwelling?
NUM:dist A 25 m ladder is placed against a vertical wall of a building. The ladder is 7 m from the base of the building. If the top of the ladder slips 4 m, how much will the foot of the ladder slide
ENTY:cremat What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Wireless Personal Area Network?
HUM:desc How does a lawyer work?
ENTY:instru What is a ruler?
NUM:speed How fast does a duck fly?
LOC:country Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in Gullivers Travels
ABBR:abb GPU abbreviates what?
ENTY:symbol What is the & symbol used for?
ENTY:body What does the arm do?
ENTY:product What is a camera?
ENTY:color What is color matching?
DESC:reason What causes permafrost?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of copper?
ENTY:veh What is a cruise ship?
ENTY:food What is porridge?
ENTY:cremat What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent
ENTY:body What is the lymphatic system?
NUM:volsize How large is the Southern Ocean?
DESC:def How does blending create forms?
DESC:def What is meronym?
NUM:other Whats the score of a forfeited baseball game
ENTY:instru What is a xylophone?
NUM:date When was the invention of the printing press?
ENTY:animal How big is a ostrich?
NUM:count How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China
LOC:state What is the capital of Iowa?
ENTY:plant Where do spinachs grow?
ENTY:sport What is football?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a space shuttle at launch?
NUM:date When was the vaccine invented?
ENTY:food How are vegetables grown?
ENTY:letter What is the most common vowel in English?
ENTY:animal What bird can swim but can t fly
LOC:landmass What countries are in Iberian Peninsula?
ABBR:exp SSL is short for what exactly?
DESC:reason Why did the chicken cross the road
LOC:country What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians
LOC:water Where is the Amazon River delta?
ABBR:exp What does the technical term ISDN mean
ENTY:event What is a parade?
NUM:code What is the HTML code for bell?
ABBR:exp What does MSG stand for
NUM:weight The vanillin molecule is the primary molecule present in vanilla extract. What is the molecular mass of vanillin
ENTY:body How does the liver detoxify?
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in Morocco?
ENTY:cremat What is the purpose of epitaph?
ENTY:symbol What is the π symbol used for?
ENTY:body How many types of synovial joints exist?
NUM:perc What percentage of the worlds coffee comes from Africa?
HUM:ind How does a scientist conduct research?
ENTY:body What is the spleen?
ENTY:veh How does a glider work?
DESC:def What are boxcars
DESC:def How would you define communism?
HUM:desc What does a biologist do?
NUM:period How many hours of sleep does an adult need per night?
DESC:reason Why do mountains form?
HUM:gr Which organization is the Security Council a part of
LOC:country What continent is India in?
HUM:desc Who is Samuel F. Pickering
LOC:country What country is the worlds largest importer of cognac
DESC:def How does spreading activation function?
HUM:ind What TV character said ; One of these days, Alice, pow, right in the kisser
NUM:speed How fast is a train?
ENTY:symbol What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen
NUM:period How long does it take for a nail to grow back?
ABBR:abb CRUD is an abbreviation for what?
NUM:ord What is the ordinality of 11 in the set of odd numbers
NUM:period How many seconds in a minute?
NUM:other What is the area of Australia?
NUM:code what is your public PGP key
NUM:dist A car travels at a constant speed of 40 mph for 3 hours. How far does the car go
ENTY:instru How does a piano work?
LOC:mount what is the tallest mountain in iberia
HUM:gr What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification
ENTY:instru How many keys does a clarinet have?
ENTY:color How is purple made?
ENTY:word What does exuberant mean?
ABBR:abb What does XML format?
NUM:perc How much of the human bodys energy is consumed by the brain?
HUM:gr Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968
ENTY:veh How many people does a standard Uber vehicle seat?
DESC:manner How do workers labor?
DESC:def What is pandoro
NUM:speed how slow does a sloth move
ENTY:animal Which came first, according to Genesis 1 2 22 - the chicken or the egg
HUM:ind What is a linguist?
DESC:reason Why do morals develop?
DESC:def What is the washed vodka
HUM:title What is a Chief Justice?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of South Korea?
ENTY:product What is the Bugatti?
DESC:reason Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much
ENTY:cremat What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for
ABBR:exp What does CZE stand for?
ENTY:color What are Halloweens colors
ENTY:substance What are the properties of oil?
DESC:desc What are the words to the song sung by Banana in Pajamas
LOC:landmass What is South America?
DESC:reason What causes amnesia?
ENTY:techmeth How does cloud computing work?
ENTY:color What are cool colors?
LOC:country What country boasts the most dams
ABBR:exp What does EU represent?
HUM:title What does Robin Williams do
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for attorney?
HUM:ind What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history
NUM:period How many seconds does a commercial typically last?
ENTY:food Where does watermelon come from?
DESC:desc What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer
LOC:water What ocean is the largest in the world
HUM:title What is a President?
NUM:count What is the population of Spain?
ENTY:body How many glands exist?
DESC:reason Why does the moon turn orange
ENTY:word What is the collective noun for geese
DESC:desc How is progression described directionally?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Domain Name System?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of iron?
NUM:period How old do you have to be in order to rent a car in Italy
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Esperanto alphabet have?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for bright starting with l?
NUM:code What is the Unicode code for carriage return?
DESC:desc What captures serenity?
ENTY:body What is the rib?
ENTY:word What is a word that means quick?
DESC:manner How do virologists isolate?
ENTY:food What two vegetables are combined in succotash
LOC:city In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein
NUM:period How long is human gestation
ENTY:substance What is carbon?
ENTY:body How many taste receptors does a human have?
ENTY:veh How long is a standard railway boxcar?
ENTY:product What is Coca-Cola?
HUM:gr What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism
ENTY:food What is Khorasan?
ENTY:instru How many keys does a bagpipe have?
NUM:count What is the number of regions of Brazil?
ENTY:cremat What sports magazine has the largest circulation
DESC:def How does presupposition function?
ENTY:termeq Is silent the same as quiet?
DESC:reason What causes lightning?
NUM:count How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime
NUM:perc What percentage of people are colorblind?
LOC:water How salty is the East China Sea?
ENTY:food What are root vegetables?
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for home?
NUM:other What does 7847+5943 equal
NUM:count How many boys play the game in Winslow Homers 1872 painting Snap the Whip
DESC:desc What are the living conditions in Cuba
HUM:gr What is a knights?
ABBR:exp What does TJK stand for?
LOC:state What is the capital of Louisiana?
ENTY:veh How does a tractor work?
NUM:count What is the population of Canada?
NUM:period What is the typical duration of adolescence?
ENTY:religion What is Nestorian Christianity?
ENTY:dismed How does alzheimers disease progress?
ENTY:symbol What is the swastika symbol?
HUM:ind Whats the name of the actress who starred in the movie, Silence of the Lambs
DESC:manner How do artists create?
NUM:volsize What is the size of a golf ball?
ENTY:word What word occurs 46, 227 times in the Bible
NUM:volsize what size will the sun be when it becomes a red dwarf
DESC:manner In what way do biologists observe?
DESC:def How does interference occur?
HUM:ind What did Stephen Hawking do?
DESC:desc How is film described cinematically?
NUM:count What is the area in sq km of Italy?
NUM:count What is the area of Australia?
DESC:def How would you define metaphor?
LOC:landmass How are mesaformed?
ENTY:word What is an infinitive?
ENTY:product How does a smartwatch function?
ENTY:food What is ice cream?
ENTY:dismed What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body
NUM:volsize How large is Lake Victoria?
DESC:manner How do educators instill?
HUM:title What is a Ambassador?
ENTY:color What is the wavelength of red light?
ENTY:symbol What is the @ symbol?
NUM:money How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach
HUM:desc What is a designer?
LOC:country What defines a nation?
ENTY:body What does the toe do?
NUM:count What is the number of states of UK?
HUM:title What is a Countess?
ENTY:termeq Is senior the same as elderly?
DESC:reason What are Cushman and Wakefield known for
ENTY:religion What religion has the most members
ENTY:techmeth What is serverless computing?
ENTY:animal How do colony animals work?
ENTY:color How do multiple colors combine?
ENTY:termeq What is an antonym?
NUM:perc What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets
NUM:ord Who came in ninth place?
ENTY:instru How many valves does a tuba have?
DESC:def How do acronyms differ from initialisms?
ENTY:other What is ethnography?
ABBR:exp What is CIA?
ENTY:body Where is the pancreas?
ENTY:animal What animal has the biggest eyes
NUM:period How many decades are in a century?
ENTY:word What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language
ENTY:word What does sagacious mean?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for Hypertext Markup Language?
NUM:code What is the HTML code for newline?
ABBR:abb In computing, LED refers to what?
DESC:reason What causes tinnitus?
ENTY:termeq What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit
NUM:code Why does ASCII use specific numeric values for each character?
ENTY:body What is the thickness of human skin?
HUM:gr Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads
ENTY:symbol What is the chemical symbol for carbon?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Operating System?
ENTY:food What is Orange?
LOC:country What is the capital of Israel?
ENTY:animal What makes learning crucial?
ENTY:other What keeps clouds in the air
ENTY:instru What tool measures wind direction?
ABBR:exp What does TZA stand for?
NUM:count How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder
ENTY:instru What is a saxophone used for?
NUM:weight How much does a large pizza weigh?
ENTY:veh What is a tricycle?
HUM:ind Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa, published in 1857
LOC:landmass Whats the largest island in the West Indies
ENTY:body What is the purpose of the heart?
HUM:ind Tell me about Homer
ABBR:abb What does FTP transfer?
HUM:desc Who is Edmund Kemper
ABBR:exp Spell out the acronym GPU
NUM:temp What is the surface temperature of the sun?
HUM:gr How is a coalition organized?
ENTY:currency What currency does Norway use?
NUM:code What does error code 304 mean?
LOC:state What is New Jersey known for?
ENTY:animal What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out
NUM:date When was Microsoft established
ENTY:color What is a common khaki item?
DESC:manner How do you ride a bicycle?
NUM:speed How fast do cheetahs run
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Paris?
DESC:desc What conveys deep attachment?
NUM:period How many seconds are in an hour?
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym CIA
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for tab?
DESC:desc What is Remembrance Day all about
HUM:title Who holds the title of Emperor?
NUM:speed What is the speed of the fastest train in the world?
ABBR:exp What does pH stand for
DESC:def What is transparency in language?
LOC:mount What is the Andes?
ENTY:color What are seasonal color palettes?
ENTY:veh What is the typical wheelbase of a compact car?
HUM:ind What professional cricketers son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898
ABBR:exp What does IMN stand for?
ABBR:abb What does ROI stand for?
HUM:title Who directed Star Wars?
ENTY:body What are valves?
ENTY:event How are tournaments run?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Norwegian?
LOC:city The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city
HUM:desc What is a attorney?
ENTY:instru Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument
ENTY:veh How long does a tire rotate before replacement?
HUM:gr What is a agnostics?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation of the company name General Motors
ENTY:plant Which plant is known for allelopathy?
DESC:manner How do doctors diagnose bone cancer
HUM:title What rank is General?
NUM:perc What percent of worlds fresh water is found in Canada
DESC:reason What made Jane Goodall famous
ENTY:symbol Where is the copyright symbol symbol used?
NUM:perc What percentage of the population has a passport?
ENTY:word What is an antonym of light?
NUM:period How many days does the average menstrual cycle last?
DESC:desc What is the orgin of xoxoxox
HUM:title How does a Ambassador lead?
ENTY:cremat What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedys assassination
LOC:country What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice
DESC:def What is a Certified Nurse Midwife
LOC:other Where are all European and American eels born
NUM:temp What is the average room temperature in Celsius?
ENTY:symbol the radiation symbol, separated from a box by a chevron, means what
ENTY:other What format was the major competition of VHS
LOC:mount What country has Scafell Pike?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Cornish alphabet have?
LOC:country Where is South Korea?
HUM:ind What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life
ENTY:substance What is salt used for?
ENTY:color What is a common maroon item?
DESC:manner How do chemists synthesize?
ENTY:cremat What film or films has Jude Law appeared in
ENTY:animal What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box
DESC:manner How does rabies spread
NUM:date When was the computer invented?
NUM:ord What is the fifth letter of the alphabet?
ENTY:letter What letter denotes the genitive case?
ENTY:dismed What is mumps?
ENTY:food What are nuts?
ENTY:body How does the thyroid regulate?
ENTY:body How does the pancreas produce insulin?
NUM:perc What percent of the Earth is land?
ENTY:plant What does a lichen look like?
DESC:desc How is hate described viciously?
NUM:perc What percentage of people have experienced sleep paralysis?
DESC:reason What causes violations?
HUM:desc What does a neurologist diagnose?
DESC:def What is folk etymology?
ABBR:exp What is NASA?
ENTY:body What are the names of the different toes
DESC:reason What causes canker sores in the mouth
NUM:count How many stars are there?
HUM:desc How does a psychiatrist treat patients?
HUM:ind Tell me about Richard Feynman
ENTY:plant What is a pumpkin?
DESC:reason What causes palpitations?
ABBR:exp What is the expansion of an acronym?
NUM:ord Abraham Lincoln was which president, first?, second?, third
ENTY:letter What is the shape of the letter S?
LOC:other What is Bill Grosss email address
ABBR:abb What is meant by HDD?
DESC:desc What is Big Ben like?
LOC:country What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows
LOC:country What is the capital of Mexico?
DESC:desc How are relationships described intimately?
ENTY:plant What plant produces caffeine?
DESC:manner How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Central Processing Unit?
NUM:code What is the HTML code for letter A?
HUM:ind What does a mathematician do?
NUM:period What age is Benny Carter
HUM:desc Who was Confucius
ENTY:food Whats the main vegetable in vichyssoise
ENTY:animal How big is a eagle?
ENTY:color A hyperbolic color may be seen by staring at a bright color and then viewing its complementary color. For example, staring at magenta produces a green afterimage. If you stare at magenta and then look at something green, the afterimage is what color
LOC:landmass What countries are in Africa?
ENTY:body What does the artery do?
ABBR:abb What is the shorthand for Wireless Fidelity?
NUM:count How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy
NUM:other What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst
NUM:ord What is the twenty-second letter of the alphabet?
ENTY:product What is a wearable device?
ABBR:exp What does SGP expand to?
LOC:mount What is the tallest peak in the Alps?
ENTY:animal How do pack animals cooperate?
ENTY:word What is a gerund?
ENTY:currency What is the peso?
ENTY:instru How many strings does a guitar typically have?
HUM:desc Who is Coronado
ENTY:body What is the function of the gallbladder?
LOC:country How is a confederation governed?
ABBR:abb DNA is an abbreviation for what?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Environmental Protection Agency?
NUM:volsize how large are the pillars of creation
LOC:landmass Which continent is Italy part of?
ENTY:event What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt, Churchill, and Stalin
NUM:temp What temperature is considered fever?
ENTY:color What is purple?
NUM:temp What is the boiling point of alcohol?
ENTY:body Where is the colon?
ABBR:exp What does ZAF expand to?
DESC:manner How can I find out my biorhythm
LOC:country What is the capital of Algeria?
ENTY:food What is Wheat?
ENTY:plant What does a pine look like?
ENTY:animal What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932
NUM:weight How much does a standard loaf of bread weigh?
LOC:city Where is Barcelona?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation VPN
ENTY:body Where is the toe?
ENTY:animal What is a whale?
NUM:ord What is the first letter?
NUM:volsize What is the volume of a standard bathtub?
DESC:def What is a semicolon used for?
ENTY:food What are preserves?
NUM:temp What is the melting point of titanium?
ENTY:veh what truck design made recent headlines
NUM:date When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait
ENTY:animal What do you call a group of geese
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Kenya?
ENTY:instru What is a thermometer used for?
HUM:ind Who was the first king of England
ENTY:lang Which language has the most consonants?
ENTY:other What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California
DESC:def What is Wimbledon
ENTY:veh What is a demo car?
ENTY:event Tell me about the 2016 presidential election
DESC:desc How are emotions depicted descriptively?
ABBR:abb What is CPU short for?
ENTY:body What are joints?
DESC:def What is solidarity in speech?
LOC:landmass What countries are in Great Britain?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Duke?
ENTY:plant What does a wheat look like?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for sad starting with u?
ENTY:other What was the alternate to VHS
NUM:code What do the numbers in an IP address represent?
NUM:code What does error code E404 mean in web?
ENTY:animal What is the largest cat species in the world
HUM:title what is your dream job
ENTY:letter What letter represents nitrogen on the periodic table?
ENTY:food What is candy made from?
ENTY:word What is a word that has more than one meaning?
ENTY:symbol How is the © symbol used?
DESC:desc What conveys storytelling quality?
ENTY:color What is umber?
ENTY:body What is the function of the hand?
ENTY:food What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts
ENTY:body How do capillaries exchange?
DESC:def How does temporal deixis function?
ENTY:termeq Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross
ENTY:substance What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses
ENTY:termeq What is the name for clouds that produce rain
ABBR:exp Expand the acronym Hz
ABBR:exp What does BUD stand for
ABBR:exp What does AZE represent?
ABBR:exp What is BPH
ENTY:instru What is a fork used for?
HUM:gr What do we call senators?
ENTY:instru What is the highest note a soprano can sing?
ENTY:product Which laptop is best for programming?
ENTY:instru What is a scale used for?
DESC:def How does connotation differ?
ENTY:lang How many people speak Spanish?
NUM:speed What is the top speed of a motorcycle?
DESC:def How does hyponym relate?
ENTY:word How many homophones does the word read have?
LOC:landmass What is a peninsula?
ENTY:food What is cake made from?
ENTY:color What color is maroon?
HUM:desc Describe a typical playwright
ENTY:color What color is an Arctic fox in winter
ENTY:other What did Tristan come back as
NUM:count How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured
HUM:gr Who produces Spumante
NUM:period What is the standard duration of a TV show episode?
LOC:country Where is Mexico?
NUM:volsize How much blood is contained in an adult human body?
ENTY:veh How many wheels does a large cargo airplane have?
LOC:landmass How are peninsulas formed?
ENTY:plant What does a pumpkin look like?
ENTY:product What do you use a comb for?
ENTY:instru What is a Lute?
ABBR:exp How are abbreviations formed?
ABBR:abb What does COO stand for?
NUM:count How many bones are in the human hand
DESC:desc How are experiences?
DESC:manner How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington
ENTY:animal What makes chrysalis protection?
HUM:gr What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss
NUM:count How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board
ENTY:animal What are birds descendents of
ENTY:product Which browser is fastest?
ENTY:cremat What is the Jewish bible called
ENTY:food Where does coffee come from?
LOC:country What country contains the westernmost point in South America
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Dutch alphabet have?
NUM:date What centurys the setting for TVs The Adventures of Robin Hood
NUM:count What is the number of provinces of Italy?
ABBR:exp What does GUM represent?
NUM:other What is the population of the world?
NUM:speed What is the maximum speed of a bicycle?
ENTY:instru What is a Guitar?
ENTY:food What is juice?
LOC:country What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195
ENTY:word What is the longest word using alphabetical order?
ENTY:color How does saturation affect?
NUM:period How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream
ENTY:body What is the kidney for?
NUM:code What is the hexadecimal code for delete?
NUM:count Count the months in a year
ENTY:word What English word has the most letters
ENTY:techmeth How does expectation maximization work?
NUM:other What is an integral?
NUM:temp What temperature does alcohol boil?
NUM:other What is a derivative?
ABBR:exp What does DEU stand for?
ENTY:body What are platelets?
ENTY:instru How many holes does a flute have?
ENTY:plant Which plant is used for natural dyes?
NUM:perc What percentage is atmosphere?
NUM:money How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions
LOC:country What is a country?
ENTY:food To get the most caffeine, what soda should I drink
HUM:gr Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for
ENTY:veh What is a pulley?
ENTY:veh What is a school bus?
ENTY:other What commoditys shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II
NUM:dist How far is the Earth from the Sun?
ENTY:body What are the labia?
ENTY:dismed How do bacteria infect?
NUM:code How are UPC barcodes constructed to prevent counterfeiting?
DESC:manner In what way do economists calculate?
ENTY:other How are historical sites named?
HUM:title Who holds the title of Colonel?
NUM:other What is the number of rivers?
NUM:perc What percentage of people are ambidextrous?
NUM:volsize what is the size, in cubic centimeters, of a tardigrade
LOC:water What is the Mediterranean Sea?
HUM:ind Tell me about Julius Caesar
ENTY:body What does the nerve do?
ENTY:dismed What is bronchitis?
ABBR:exp NATO stands for what exactly?
DESC:reason Why do neurons fire?
HUM:title What position did Willie Davis play in baseball
NUM:other How old is the Earth?
ENTY:instru What is a guitar used for?
ENTY:event Tell me about the 2008 financial crisis
DESC:manner How does the Nintendo Zapper work
ENTY:symbol what tarot card symbolizes good fortune
ABBR:exp What does ALA stand for?
ENTY:religion What is Sufi Islam?
ENTY:dismed What is arthritis?
ENTY:event What was the fall of the Berlin Wall?
NUM:ord What is the eighth letter of the alphabet?
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body
HUM:ind Who did the Seven Mules block for
ENTY:food How is farro prepared?
ABBR:abb Define the abbreviation OLED
ENTY:veh What is the acceleration time from 0 to 60 mph for a BMW 3 Series?
ENTY:animal What kind of creatures are black, yellow, and brown bullheads
NUM:dist How far is Paris from London?
ABBR:exp What does ATP expand to?
NUM:date When was the fall of the Berlin Wall?
ABBR:exp What does Hz expand to?
ENTY:religion What is Mormonism?
LOC:other What bay sparkles next to Miami, Florida
HUM:desc Describe a typical journalist
ABBR:abb What does SMTP send?
ENTY:letter How many letters does the Welsh alphabet have?
NUM:period How long does it take for Spider-Mans web to evaporate
ENTY:instru How do you use a guitar?
DESC:manner How do I start a web based business
NUM:dist How many kilometers are in a mile
DESC:desc What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb
ENTY:plant What is a lemon?
ABBR:exp What does DNK expand to?
ABBR:exp LASER stands for what exactly?
ENTY:animal What makes surfacing necessary?
HUM:desc What is a chemist?
LOC:other Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise
ENTY:cremat What is requiem?
NUM:ord G. H. W. Bush was the 41st president, G. W. Bush was the 43rd president, but which one was J. F. Kennedy
HUM:ind Who was Stephen Hawking?
ENTY:animal What is a zebra?
ABBR:abb What does USB stand for?
DESC:manner How is digital audio used
NUM:dist How far is Tokyo from Singapore?
NUM:speed What is the speed of Earths orbit around the sun?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal form of 1000?
NUM:speed how fast can a human run
LOC:landmass List 10 lakes or rivers in Iberia
DESC:desc Can you describe the Amazon River?
LOC:other What constellation is known as The Water Bearer
ENTY:body How many bones are in the human ear?
HUM:gr What is a coalition?
NUM:date What year did WW1 start?
ENTY:instru What instrument measures concentration?
NUM:count What is the population of Italy?
ENTY:lang Which language is spoken in Austria?
DESC:manner In what way do hikers trek?
ENTY:substance What are the properties of sugar?
ENTY:plant What is the tallest tree species?
ENTY:food What is egg made from?
ENTY:instru How many strings does a zither have?
HUM:ind How does an entrepreneur function?
ENTY:lang What is Russian?
ENTY:food What is cookie made from?
HUM:ind How does a linguist contribute?
NUM:dist How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow
HUM:title What is the role of a CEO?
NUM:date When was the electricity invented?
ENTY:color What is the human range?
ENTY:substance What is iron?
DESC:manner How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated
ENTY:letter What letter represents the dollar sign?
DESC:reason What causes birds to fly south?
ENTY:color What is melanin?
ABBR:exp What does KIR represent?
LOC:other Where is the Smithsonian Institute located
ENTY:lang How is Korean organized?
DESC:manner How does a hydroelectric dam work
HUM:ind Tell me about Martin Luther King Jr
ENTY:body Where is the bladder?
ENTY:event How are theater performances staged?
LOC:mount Which mountain is the highest in Africa?
ENTY:color What color is teal?
LOC:country What are the three most populated countries in the world
ENTY:termeq What is another word for small starting with l?
NUM:period What is the average length of a major league baseball game?
NUM:dist What is the diameter of a golf ball
NUM:date What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbells tomato soup
NUM:other What is the melting point of gold
DESC:desc Can you describe the Colosseum?
ENTY:letter What is a phoneme?
ENTY:other How are important documents digitized?
ENTY:animal What makes senescence inevitable?
NUM:count How many milliseconds in a second
NUM:perc What percentage of people have allergies?
ENTY:color What primary colors do you mix to make orange
ABBR:exp POTUS expands to President of the United States?
HUM:desc Who is Henry Butler
ENTY:color What is the RGB value for white?
ENTY:word What is the plural of the word ox?
DESC:desc What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16
ENTY:color What are color standards?
NUM:period How many hours does a professional athlete train per day?
ENTY:substance What is pastrami made of
ENTY:sport What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can
ENTY:symbol What is a religious symbol?
ENTY:termeq What is another word for fast starting with q?
DESC:desc How is confusion described bewilderedly?
ENTY:product What do you use a mirror for?
ENTY:techmeth Whats the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face
ENTY:animal Whats the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal
DESC:reason What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3, 1939
ENTY:symbol Give examples of symbols that contain elements that are unrelated to the message
ENTY:body What is the skin?
DESC:manner How do you clean an LCD monitor screen
ENTY:animal What mammal of North America is the worlds longest-lived for its size
NUM:dist What is the width of the Atlantic Ocean?
ABBR:exp SSH means what in full form?
NUM:weight How much does a stone weigh in kilograms?
LOC:other What is a nature area?
DESC:reason Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska
ENTY:body What is the function of the spleen?
HUM:desc Describe a typical therapist
DESC:manner How do you dunk
DESC:reason Why does a candle go out when we blow on it
NUM:count How many queen bees reign in a hive
ENTY:substance What is oxygen?
LOC:state What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level
ENTY:dismed What causes Parkinsons disease?
NUM:ord How is tenth written?
LOC:city What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria