ABBR:abb What does HTML stand for?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for United States?
ABBR:abb What does CEO stand for?
ABBR:abb What does NASA stand for?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Master of Arts?
ABBR:abb What does FBI stand for?
ABBR:abb What does URL stand for?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Bachelor of Science?
ABBR:abb What does CEO stand for?
ABBR:abb What does EPA stand for?
ABBR:abb What does ISBN stand for?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for United Nations?
ABBR:abb What does GDP stand for?
ABBR:abb What does IQ stand for?
ABBR:abb What does CEO stand for?
ABBR:abb What does NBA stand for?
ABBR:abb What does DNA stand for?
ABBR:abb What does FBI stand for?
ABBR:abb What does HTTP stand for?
ABBR:abb What does WWW stand for?
ABBR:abb What does NATO stand for?
ABBR:abb What does ISP stand for?
ABBR:abb What does JPEG stand for?
ABBR:abb What does HTML stand for?
ABBR:abb What does MP3 stand for?
ABBR:abb What does RAM stand for?
ABBR:abb What does CPU stand for?
ABBR:abb What does USB stand for?
ABBR:abb What does GPS stand for?
ABBR:abb What does LAN stand for?
ABBR:abb What does WAN stand for?
ABBR:abb What does SSL stand for?
ABBR:abb What does HTTP stand for?
ABBR:abb What does HTTPS stand for?
ABBR:abb What does IPv4 stand for?
ABBR:abb What does IPv6 stand for?
ABBR:abb What does DNS stand for?
ABBR:abb What does SSL stand for?
ABBR:abb What does API stand for?
ABBR:abb What does SQL stand for?
ABBR:abb What does XML stand for?
ABBR:abb What does HTML stand for?
ABBR:abb What does HTTP stand for?
ABBR:abb What does HTTPS stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the abbreviation for United Nations?
ABBR:exp What does FBI stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the full form of CEO?
ABBR:exp What does NASA stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the abbreviation for United States?
ABBR:exp What does URL stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the full form of CEO?
ABBR:exp What does NATO stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the abbreviation for International Monetary Fund?
ABBR:exp What does UNESCO stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the full form of CEO?
ABBR:exp What does FBI stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the abbreviation for World Health Organization?
ABBR:exp What does URL stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the full form of CEO?
ABBR:exp What does NATO stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the abbreviation for International Monetary Fund?
ABBR:exp What does UNESCO stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the full form of CEO?
ABBR:exp What does FBI stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the abbreviation for World Health Organization?
ABBR:exp What does URL stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the full form of CEO?
ABBR:exp What does NATO stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the abbreviation for International Monetary Fund?
ABBR:exp What does UNESCO stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the full form of CEO?
ABBR:exp What does FBI stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the abbreviation for World Health Organization?
ABBR:exp What does URL stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the full form of CEO?
ABBR:exp What does NATO stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the abbreviation for International Monetary Fund?
ABBR:exp What does UNESCO stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the full form of CEO?
ABBR:exp What does FBI stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the abbreviation for World Health Organization?
ABBR:exp What does URL stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the full form of CEO?
ABBR:exp What does NATO stand for?
ABBR:exp What is the abbreviation for International Monetary Fund
DESC:def What is the function of the mitochondria in a cell?
DESC:def What is the definition of a prime number?
DESC:def What is the purpose of a compiler in programming?
DESC:def What is the definition of a noun in grammar?
DESC:def What is the function of the liver in the human body?
DESC:def What is the definition of a metaphor in literature?
DESC:def What is the function of the circulatory system?
DESC:def What is the definition of a hypothesis in science?
DESC:def What is the purpose of a database in computing?
DESC:def What is the definition of a verb in grammar?
DESC:def What is the function of the nervous system?
DESC:def What is the definition of a metaphor in poetry?
DESC:def What is the purpose of a firewall in cybersecurity?
DESC:def What is the definition of a simile in literature?
DESC:def What is the function of the respiratory system?
DESC:def What is the definition of a paragraph in writing?
DESC:def What is the purpose of a capacitor in electronics?
DESC:def What is the definition of a sentence in grammar?
DESC:def What is the function of the digestive system?
DESC:def What is the definition of a stanza in poetry?
DESC:def What is the purpose of a resistor in electronics?
DESC:def What is the definition of a root in a word?
DESC:def What is the function of the skeletal system?
DESC:def What is the definition of a synonym?
DESC:def What is the purpose of a transistor in electronics?
DESC:def What is the definition of a compound sentence?
DESC:def What is the function of the muscular system?
DESC:def What is the definition of a prefix in a word?
DESC:def What is the purpose of a router in networking?
DESC:def What is the definition of a complex sentence?
DESC:def What is the function of the endocrine system?
DESC:def What is the definition of a suffix in a word?
DESC:def What is the purpose of a server in computing?
DESC:def What is the definition of a simple sentence?
DESC:def What is the function of the excretory system?
DESC:def What is the definition of a metaphor in writing?
DESC:def What is the purpose of a browser in computing?
DESC:def What is the definition of a simile in writing?
DESC:def What is the function of
DESC:desc What is the capital of France?
DESC:desc Who wrote the play "Romeo and Juliet"?
DESC:desc What is the chemical symbol for water?
DESC:desc What is the tallest mountain in the world?
DESC:desc What is the smallest prime number?
DESC:desc What is the main function of the liver?
DESC:desc What is the largest planet in our solar system?
DESC:desc What is the boiling point of water in Celsius?
DESC:desc What is the first letter of the alphabet?
DESC:desc What is the primary function of the heart?
DESC:desc What is the most common blood type in humans?
DESC:desc What is the name of the tallest building in the world?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first computer?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first programming language?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first man to walk on the moon?
DESC:desc What is the name of the largest ocean on Earth?
DESC:desc What is the name of the largest country in the world?
DESC:desc What is the name of the smallest country in the world?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first president of the United States?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first satellite launched into space?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first person to orbit the Earth?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first person to land on the moon?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first person to walk on the moon?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first person to travel to space?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first person to walk on the moon?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first person to travel to space?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first person to travel to space?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first person to travel to space?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first person to travel to space?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first person to travel to space?
DESC:desc What is the name of the first person to travel to space?
DESC:desc What is the name
DESC:manner How did she handle the situation with grace?
DESC:manner What was his manner of speaking during the meeting?
DESC:manner How did he behave in the classroom?
DESC:manner What was her usual way of dealing with problems?
DESC:manner How did she approach the task?
DESC:manner What was his manner of dressing for the event?
DESC:manner How did she respond to the criticism?
DESC:manner What was his way of handling stress?
DESC:manner How did he deal with the challenge?
DESC:manner What was her manner of conducting the meeting?
DESC:manner How did she approach the difficult task?
DESC:manner What was his way of speaking to the audience?
DESC:manner How did he treat the new employees?
DESC:manner What was her manner of dealing with customers?
DESC:manner How did she handle the disagreement?
DESC:manner What was his way of solving the problem?
DESC:manner How did he behave during the presentation?
DESC:manner What was her manner of responding to questions?
DESC:manner How did she deal with the situation calmly?
DESC:manner What was his way of managing the team?
DESC:manner How did she approach the problem with care?
DESC:manner What was his manner of responding to feedback?
DESC:manner How did he handle the situation with confidence?
DESC:manner What was her way of handling the emergency?
DESC:manner How did she respond to the news with composure?
DESC:manner What was his manner of dealing with the situation?
DESC:manner How did he approach the task with determination?
DESC:manner What was her way of speaking to the audience?
DESC:manner How did she handle the situation with care?
DESC:manner What was his manner of dealing with the problem?
DESC:manner How did he respond to the situation with patience?
DESC:manner What was her way of handling the challenge?
DESC:manner How did she approach the problem with calmness?
DESC:manner What was his manner of dealing with the conflict?
DESC:manner How did she respond to the situation with grace?
DESC:manner What was his way of handling the issue?
DESC:manner How did he deal with the situation with professionalism?
DESC:manner What was her manner of responding to the situation?
DESC:reason Why is the sky blue?
DESC:reason What causes the seasons to change?
DESC:reason Why do leaves change color in autumn?
DESC:reason What makes a rainbow form?
DESC:reason Why do we dream?
DESC:reason What is the purpose of sleep?
DESC:reason Why do some people have different eye colors?
DESC:reason What causes the moon to shine?
DESC:reason Why do we feel thirsty?
DESC:reason What is the reason for the tides?
DESC:reason Why do we yawn?
DESC:reason What causes a rainbow to appear?
DESC:reason Why do plants need sunlight?
DESC:reason What is the reason behind a sneeze?
DESC:reason Why do people get cold?
DESC:reason What causes a thunderstorm?
DESC:reason Why do we have fingerprints?
DESC:reason What is the reason for the aurora borealis?
DESC:reason Why do we feel hungry?
DESC:reason What causes a plant to grow?
DESC:reason Why do some animals hibernate?
DESC:reason What is the reason for the phases of the moon?
DESC:reason Why do we need to breathe?
DESC:reason What causes a volcanic eruption?
DESC:reason Why do we get sunburned?
DESC:reason What is the reason for a shadow?
DESC:reason Why do we need to sleep?
DESC:reason What causes a storm?
DESC:reason Why do we have different blood types?
DESC:reason What is the reason for the Earth's rotation?
DESC:reason Why do we feel pain?
DESC:reason What causes a rainbow to end?
DESC:reason Why do some people have allergies?
DESC:reason What is the reason for the sound of thunder?
DESC:reason Why do we get tired?
DESC:reason What causes a plant to wilt?
DESC:reason Why do we need to eat?
DESC:reason What is the reason for the Earth's orbit around the sun?
DESC:reason Why do we have different skin tones?
DESC:reason What causes a plant to grow taller?
DESC:reason Why do we need to drink water?
DESC:reason What is the reason for the seasons?
DESC:reason Why do we have different hair colors?
DESC:reason What causes a plant
ENTY:animal What is the largest land animal in the world?
ENTY:animal Which animal is known for its long neck?
ENTY:animal What animal has a long trunk and is found in Africa?
ENTY:animal Which animal is known for its ability to change color?
ENTY:animal What is the fastest land animal?
ENTY:animal Which animal is the symbol of the Olympic Games?
ENTY:animal What is the only living species of giant panda?
ENTY:animal Which animal is known for its intelligence and problem-solving skills?
ENTY:animal What animal is commonly associated with the moon?
ENTY:animal Which animal has the longest lifespan?
ENTY:animal What is the smallest living mammal?
ENTY:animal Which animal is known for its loud, deep call?
ENTY:animal What animal is often considered a symbol of strength?
ENTY:animal Which animal has the ability to fly and is found in many cultures?
ENTY:animal What is the most venomous animal in the world?
ENTY:animal Which animal is known for its unique ability to sleep with one eye open?
ENTY:animal What is the largest animal in the world?
ENTY:animal Which animal has the most powerful bite force?
ENTY:animal What animal is known for its unique ability to regenerate limbs?
ENTY:animal Which animal is considered the national animal of the United States?
ENTY:animal What is the most common pet in the world?
ENTY:animal Which animal is known for its ability to store water in its body?
ENTY:animal What animal is known for its long lifespan and slow reproduction?
ENTY:animal Which animal is known for its ability to mimic human speech?
ENTY:animal What is the only bird that can fly backwards?
ENTY:animal Which animal is known for its role in spreading seeds?
ENTY:animal What animal is known for its ability to survive in extreme cold?
ENTY:animal Which animal is often associated with Halloween?
ENTY:animal What is the most dangerous animal in the world?
ENTY:animal Which animal is known for its unique ability to change its skin color?
ENTY:animal What animal is the symbol of the British Royal Family?
ENTY:animal Which animal is known for its loud,
ENTY:body What is the largest organ in the human body?
ENTY:body Which part of the body helps in breathing?
ENTY:body What is the function of the heart?
ENTY:body Which organ is responsible for filtering blood?
ENTY:body What is the name of the largest bone in the body?
ENTY:body Which body part is involved in digestion?
ENTY:body What is the main function of the lungs?
ENTY:body Which body system is responsible for transporting blood?
ENTY:body What is the role of the liver in the body?
ENTY:body Which organ stores and releases glucose?
ENTY:body What is the function of the kidneys?
ENTY:body Which body system controls voluntary movement?
ENTY:body What is the role of the stomach in digestion?
ENTY:body Which body part is used for sensing touch?
ENTY:body What is the main function of the skin?
ENTY:body Which organ is part of the digestive system?
ENTY:body What is the role of the pancreas?
ENTY:body Which body part helps in maintaining balance?
ENTY:body What is the function of the spleen?
ENTY:body Which body system is responsible for producing hormones?
ENTY:body What is the role of the small intestine?
ENTY:body Which body part helps in hearing?
ENTY:body What is the function of the bladder?
ENTY:body Which body system is responsible for vision?
ENTY:body What is the role of the large intestine?
ENTY:body Which body part is used for smelling?
ENTY:body What is the function of the thyroid gland?
ENTY:body Which body system is involved in controlling body temperature?
ENTY:body What is the role of the adrenal glands?
ENTY:body Which body part helps in maintaining body posture?
ENTY:body What is the function of the esophagus?
ENTY:body Which body system is responsible for muscle contraction?
ENTY:body What is the role of the cerebellum?
ENTY:body Which body part is used for tasting?
ENTY:body What is the function of the trachea?
ENTY:body Which body system is responsible for blood clotting?
ENTY:color What is the primary color of a rainbow?
ENTY:color What color is the sky on a clear day?
ENTY:color What color is the flag of France?
ENTY:color What color is the sun during sunset?
ENTY:color What color is associated with the emotion of joy?
ENTY:color What color is the traditional uniform of a police officer?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in nature?
ENTY:color What color is the most associated with the ocean?
ENTY:color What color is the traditional clothing of the Japanese?
ENTY:color What color is the most used in modern fashion?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a rainbow?
ENTY:color What color is the most associated with love?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a sunset?
ENTY:color What color is the most associated with royalty?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a traffic light?
ENTY:color What color is the most associated with danger?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a flag?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a traffic sign?
ENTY:color What color is the most associated with peace?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a flower?
ENTY:color What color is the most associated with happiness?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a rainbow?
ENTY:color What color is the most associated with the moon?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a painting?
ENTY:color What color is the most associated with the sun?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a car?
ENTY:color What color is the most associated with the ocean?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a rainbow?
ENTY:color What color is the most associated with the sky?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a traffic light?
ENTY:color What color is the most associated with the rainbow?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a flag?
ENTY:color What color is the most associated with the sun?
ENTY:color What color is the most common in a
ENTY:cremat What is the process of cremation called?
ENTY:cremat Which type of facility performs cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is the main purpose of cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is required before cremation can take place?
ENTY:cremat What is the difference between cremation and burial?
ENTY:cremat What are the legal requirements for cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is the role of a crematory operator?
ENTY:cremat How long does the cremation process typically take?
ENTY:cremat What is the average cost of cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is the environmental impact of cremation?
ENTY:cremat What are the alternatives to cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is the history of cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is the religious view on cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is the difference between direct cremation and traditional cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is a cremation permit?
ENTY:cremat What is the role of a funeral director in cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is the difference between cremation and incineration?
ENTY:cremat What is the temperature required for cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is the process after the body is cremated?
ENTY:cremat What is the role of the embalmer in cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is the meaning of the word 'cremation'?
ENTY:cremat What is the average weight of a cremated body?
ENTY:cremat What is the process of identifying a body for cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is the role of the cremator in the process?
ENTY:cremat What is the difference between a cremation and a funeral?
ENTY:cremat What is the significance of the cremation certificate?
ENTY:cremat What is the process of obtaining a cremation permit?
ENTY:cremat What is the role of the family in the cremation process?
ENTY:cremat What is the difference between a traditional funeral and a direct cremation?
ENTY:cremat What is the role of the cremation chamber in the process?
ENTY:currency What is the official currency of Japan?
ENTY:currency Which country uses the euro as its currency?
ENTY:currency What is the currency used in the United Kingdom?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Canada?
ENTY:currency What is the currency used in Australia?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Brazil?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of India?
ENTY:currency What is the currency used in China?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of the United States?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Russia?
ENTY:currency What is the currency used in France?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Germany?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Italy?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Spain?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Sweden?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Norway?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Denmark?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Switzerland?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of the Netherlands?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Belgium?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Portugal?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Poland?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Turkey?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of South Africa?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of South Korea?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Thailand?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Singapore?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Malaysia?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Indonesia?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Philippines?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Vietnam?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Mexico?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Argentina?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Brazil?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Peru?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Chile?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Colombia?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Ecuador?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Bolivia?
ENTY:currency What is the currency of Cuba?
ENTY:currency What is
ENTY:dismed What is the primary function of the digestive system?
ENTY:dismed Which organ is responsible for filtering blood in the body?
ENTY:dismed What is the medical term for the process of breaking down food?
ENTY:dismed Which part of the body is most affected by diabetes?
ENTY:dismed What is the main cause of high blood pressure?
ENTY:dismed What is the function of the pancreas in digestion?
ENTY:dismed Which system in the body is responsible for transporting oxygen?
ENTY:dismed What is a common symptom of a heart attack?
ENTY:dismed Which organ is responsible for producing bile?
ENTY:dismed What is the medical term for an abnormal heart rhythm?
ENTY:dismed What is the most common type of cancer globally?
ENTY:dismed Which part of the brain controls voluntary movement?
ENTY:dismed What is the main cause of osteoporosis?
ENTY:dismed Which system of the body is involved in fighting infections?
ENTY:dismed What is the function of the liver in the body?
ENTY:dismed What is the primary cause of asthma?
ENTY:dismed Which organ is responsible for regulating blood pressure?
ENTY:dismed What is the function of the kidneys in the body?
ENTY:dismed Which system in the body is responsible for balance and coordination?
ENTY:dismed What is the main cause of type 1 diabetes?
ENTY:dismed Which part of the body is most affected by scoliosis?
ENTY:dismed What is the medical term for the study of the heart?
ENTY:dismed Which system in the body is responsible for respiration?
ENTY:dismed What is the main cause of obesity?
ENTY:dismed Which organ is responsible for producing insulin?
ENTY:dismed What is the function of the spleen in the body?
ENTY:dismed Which system is responsible for regulating body temperature?
ENTY:dismed What is the medical term for a skin infection?
ENTY:dismed Which part of the body is most affected by arthritis?
ENTY:dismed What is the function of the thyroid gland?
ENTY:dismed Which system is responsible
ENTY:event What was the first major event in the history of the United Nations?
ENTY:event When did the American Civil War start?
ENTY:event Which event marked the beginning of the Cold War?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event where the first moon landing took place?
ENTY:event When did the fall of the Berlin Wall occur?
ENTY:event Which event is considered the start of World War I?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event that triggered the Boston Tea Party?
ENTY:event When did the Great Depression begin?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event that ended the Hundred Years' War?
ENTY:event Which event is associated with the signing of the Declaration of Independence?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event that led to the fall of the Roman Empire?
ENTY:event When did the Battle of Hastings take place?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event that started the French Revolution?
ENTY:event Which event is considered the beginning of the Industrial Revolution?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event that ended the Hundred Years' War?
ENTY:event When did the signing of the Magna Carta occur?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event that led to the formation of NATO?
ENTY:event Which event is considered the start of the Space Race?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event that marked the end of the Cold War?
ENTY:event When did the Great Fire of London happen?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event that led to the American Revolution?
ENTY:event Which event is associated with the signing of the Treaty of Versailles?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event that began the American Revolution?
ENTY:event When did the signing of the Constitution of the United States occur?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event that led to the American Civil War?
ENTY:event Which event is considered the beginning of the American Revolution?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event that marked the end of the American Revolution?
ENTY:event When did the signing of the Treaty of Tordesillas happen?
ENTY:event What was the name of the event that led to the formation of the European Union?
ENTY:event Which event is considered the start of the Scientific Revolution
ENTY:food What is a popular breakfast item in Japan?
ENTY:food What is the main ingredient in sushi?
ENTY:food What is a traditional Mexican dish made with corn?
ENTY:food What is a popular Italian pasta dish?
ENTY:food What is a type of sweet bread commonly eaten during holidays?
ENTY:food What is the main ingredient in a hamburger?
ENTY:food What is a classic Indian dish made with lentils?
ENTY:food What is a type of sweet pastry filled with fruit?
ENTY:food What is a popular dessert in France?
ENTY:food What is the main component of a pizza?
ENTY:food What is a traditional Chinese dish made with noodles?
ENTY:food What is a type of bread that is common in the Middle East?
ENTY:food What is the main ingredient in a burrito?
ENTY:food What is a popular dessert in the United States?
ENTY:food What is a type of sweet bread used in religious ceremonies?
ENTY:food What is the main component of a taco?
ENTY:food What is a popular type of Indian curry?
ENTY:food What is a type of flatbread common in many cultures?
ENTY:food What is the main ingredient in a paella?
ENTY:food What is a popular type of soup in Japan?
ENTY:food What is a type of sweet pastry filled with cream?
ENTY:food What is a popular dish in the Middle East made with lamb?
ENTY:food What is a type of bread commonly used in sandwiches?
ENTY:food What is the main ingredient in a samosa?
ENTY:food What is a popular dessert in Italy?
ENTY:food What is a type of bread used in making bagels?
ENTY:food What is a popular type of Indian flatbread?
ENTY:food What is a type of sweet treat made with chocolate?
ENTY:food What is the main ingredient in a crepe?
ENTY:food What is a type of bread commonly found in Europe?
ENTY:food What is a popular type of Chinese noodle dish?
ENTY:food What is a type of sweet bread used in celebrations?
ENTY:food What is the main component of
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure temperature?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used for navigation at sea?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure wind speed?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure time?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure sound intensity?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure atmospheric pressure?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure depth?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure distance?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure voltage?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure current?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure resistance?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure frequency?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure acceleration?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure humidity?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure light intensity?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure pH levels?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure radiation?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure magnetic field strength?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure electrical conductivity?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure radioactivity?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure altitude?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure speed?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure volume?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure weight?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure area?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure angle?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure temperature in a lab?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure the length of an object?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure the width of a river?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure the height of a building?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure the volume of a liquid?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure the diameter of a circle?
ENTY:instru What instrument is used to measure the circumference of a wheel?
ENTY:lang What is the capital of France?
ENTY:lang Who is the current Prime Minister of Canada?
ENTY:lang What is the largest planet in our solar system?
ENTY:lang Who wrote the play "Romeo and Juliet"?
ENTY:lang What is the chemical symbol for water?
ENTY:lang Who is the founder of Microsoft?
ENTY:lang What is the tallest mountain in the world?
ENTY:lang Who discovered gravity?
ENTY:lang What is the currency of Japan?
ENTY:lang Who painted the Mona Lisa?
ENTY:lang What is the smallest prime number?
ENTY:lang Who is the author of "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
ENTY:lang What is the boiling point of water in Celsius?
ENTY:lang Who is the CEO of Tesla?
ENTY:lang What is the largest desert in the world?
ENTY:lang Who discovered penicillin?
ENTY:lang What is the name of the first man in space?
ENTY:lang Who is the current President of the United States?
ENTY:lang What is the largest mammal on Earth?
ENTY:lang Who is the creator of the internet?
ENTY:lang What is the main language of Brazil?
ENTY:lang Who is the author of "1984"?
ENTY:lang What is the smallest country in the world?
ENTY:lang Who is the founder of Apple Inc.?
ENTY:lang What is the freezing point of water in Fahrenheit?
ENTY:lang Who is the current Prime Minister of India?
ENTY:lang What is the main language of Russia?
ENTY:lang Who is the current Chancellor of Germany?
ENTY:lang What is the main language of China?
ENTY:lang Who is the author of "The Great Gatsby"?
ENTY:lang What is the main language of Spain?
ENTY:lang Who is the current President of France?
ENTY:lang What is the main language of Italy?
ENTY:lang Who is the current Prime Minister of the UK?
ENTY:lang What is the main language of South Africa?
ENTY:lang Who is the current President of Brazil?
ENTY:lang What is the main language of Mexico
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United States?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Kingdom?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for International Business Machines?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for American Football League?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for National Aeronautics and Space Administration?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for World Health Organization?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for World Trade Organization?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for European Union?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for International Olympic Committee?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for Federal Bureau of Investigation?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for Central Intelligence Agency?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for National Aeronautics and Space Administration?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for World Bank?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for International Monetary Fund?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for World Food Programme?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Children's Fund?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Development Programme?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Environment Programme?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Population Fund?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Human Rights Council?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Security Council?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations General Assembly?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Environment Programme?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations International Strategy for Disaster Reduction?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change?
ENTY:letter What is the abbreviation for United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea?
ENTY:other What is the name of the fictional character in the movie "The Matrix" who is the leader of the resistance?
ENTY:other Which famous author wrote the novel "1984"?
ENTY:other What is the name of the first man to walk on the moon?
ENTY:other Who is the main character in the TV series "Breaking Bad"?
ENTY:other What is the name of the fictional creature in "The Lord of the Rings" that is a giant spider?
ENTY:other Which famous painter is known for painting "The Starry Night"?
ENTY:other What is the name of the fictional character in "Harry Potter" who is the half-blood prince?
ENTY:other Who is the author of "The Catcher in the Rye"?
ENTY:other What is the name of the main character in the novel "The Great Gatsby"?
ENTY:other Which famous scientist developed the theory of relativity?
ENTY:other What is the name of the fictional character in "The Hobbit" who is the son of Thorin?
ENTY:other Who is the creator of the Marvel superhero Iron Man?
ENTY:other What is the name of the fictional character in "The Lion King" who is the king of the jungle?
ENTY:other Which famous composer wrote the symphony "Symphony No. 9" also known as the "Choral"?
ENTY:other What is the name of the fictional character in "Pride and Prejudice" who is the protagonist?
ENTY:other Who is the main character in the novel "Moby Dick"?
ENTY:other What is the name of the fictional character in "The Chronicles of Narnia" who is the lion?
ENTY:other Which famous artist painted the Mona Lisa?
ENTY:other What is the name of the fictional character in "Star Wars" who is the Jedi Master?
ENTY:other Who is the author of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"?
ENTY:other What is the name of the fictional character in "The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes" who is the detective?
ENTY:other Which famous inventor is credited with the creation of the light bulb?
ENTY:other What is the name of the fictional character in "The Phantom Tollbooth"
ENTY:plant What is the most common type of plant found in a desert?
ENTY:plant Which plant is known for its ability to store water in its leaves?
ENTY:plant What plant is often used to make tea?
ENTY:plant What plant is known for its bright red flowers and medicinal properties?
ENTY:plant Which plant is commonly used to make natural dyes?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make paper?
ENTY:plant Which plant is known for its spiral-shaped leaves?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make rubber?
ENTY:plant Which plant is often used in traditional medicine?
ENTY:plant What plant is known for its long, thin leaves and ability to grow in water?
ENTY:plant Which plant is used to make natural fibers like flax?
ENTY:plant What plant is commonly found in a tropical rainforest?
ENTY:plant Which plant is used to produce essential oils?
ENTY:plant What plant is used as a natural insect repellent?
ENTY:plant Which plant is known for its purple flowers and is used in cooking?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make natural sweeteners like stevia?
ENTY:plant Which plant is used to produce the spice turmeric?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make natural pigments for art?
ENTY:plant Which plant is known for its ability to purify water?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make natural remedies for colds?
ENTY:plant Which plant is commonly used in aromatherapy?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make natural soaps?
ENTY:plant Which plant is known for its medicinal properties in Ayurvedic medicine?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make natural dyes for textiles?
ENTY:plant Which plant is used to produce the spice cinnamon?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make natural adhesives?
ENTY:plant Which plant is known for its ability to absorb toxins from the soil?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make natural pesticides?
ENTY:plant Which plant is commonly used in traditional Chinese medicine?
ENTY:plant What plant is used to make natural fibers like cotton?
ENTY:plant Which plant is known for its
ENTY:product What is the most popular smartphone brand?
ENTY:product Which product is used for streaming movies online?
ENTY:product What product is used for wireless charging?
ENTY:product Which product is commonly used for coffee brewing?
ENTY:product What product is used for digital photo storage?
ENTY:product Which product is used for home security monitoring?
ENTY:product What product is used for online shopping?
ENTY:product Which product is used for measuring body temperature?
ENTY:product What product is used for personal finance management?
ENTY:product Which product is used for online banking?
ENTY:product What product is used for voice assistants?
ENTY:product Which product is used for smart home automation?
ENTY:product What product is used for gaming consoles?
ENTY:product Which product is used for video conferencing?
ENTY:product What product is used for digital cameras?
ENTY:product Which product is used for portable power banks?
ENTY:product What product is used for smartwatches?
ENTY:product Which product is used for fitness tracking?
ENTY:product What product is used for virtual reality headsets?
ENTY:product Which product is used for smart thermostats?
ENTY:product What product is used for smart speakers?
ENTY:product Which product is used for smart doorbells?
ENTY:product What product is used for smart light bulbs?
ENTY:product Which product is used for smart locks?
ENTY:product What product is used for smart refrigerators?
ENTY:product Which product is used for smart ovens?
ENTY:product What product is used for smart washing machines?
ENTY:product Which product is used for smart dryers?
ENTY:product What product is used for smart air conditioners?
ENTY:product Which product is used for smart TVs?
ENTY:product What product is used for smart projectors?
ENTY:product Which product is used for smart speakers?
ENTY:product What product is used for smart home hubs?
ENTY:product Which product is used for smart security systems?
ENTY:product What product is used for smart irrigation systems?
ENTY:product Which product is used for smart garden tools?
ENTY:religion What is the primary religion of the United States?
ENTY:religion Which religion is most practiced in India?
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Saudi Arabia?
ENTY:religion Which religion is followed by the majority in Pakistan?
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Indonesia?
ENTY:religion Which religion is practiced by the majority in Egypt?
ENTY:religion What is the primary faith of the United Kingdom?
ENTY:religion Which religion is most common in Japan?
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Russia?
ENTY:religion Which religion is followed by most people in South Korea?
ENTY:religion What is the primary faith in Canada?
ENTY:religion Which religion is most practiced in Brazil?
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Australia?
ENTY:religion Which religion is followed by the majority in Nigeria?
ENTY:religion What is the primary faith in Germany?
ENTY:religion Which religion is most common in France?
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Italy?
ENTY:religion Which religion is followed by the majority in South Africa?
ENTY:religion What is the primary faith in the Philippines?
ENTY:religion Which religion is most practiced in Thailand?
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Mexico?
ENTY:religion Which religion is followed by the majority in Turkey?
ENTY:religion What is the primary faith in Iran?
ENTY:religion Which religion is most common in China?
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Vietnam?
ENTY:religion Which religion is followed by the majority in Ethiopia?
ENTY:religion What is the primary faith in Nigeria?
ENTY:religion Which religion is most practiced in Kenya?
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Bangladesh?
ENTY:religion Which religion is followed by the majority in Malaysia?
ENTY:religion What is the primary faith in Indonesia?
ENTY:religion Which religion is most common in the Philippines?
ENTY:religion What is the main religion in Afghanistan?
ENTY:religion Which religion is followed by the majority in
ENTY:sport What is the most popular sport in the United States?
ENTY:sport Which sport is played with a ball and a net?
ENTY:sport What sport involves running and jumping over hurdles?
ENTY:sport Which sport is played on a circular track?
ENTY:sport What sport is known for having the highest scoring?
ENTY:sport Which sport requires players to throw a ball into a hoop?
ENTY:sport What sport involves a team of players passing a ball?
ENTY:sport Which sport is played with a bat and ball?
ENTY:sport What sport is played on a court with a net?
ENTY:sport Which sport involves a player jumping and catching a ball?
ENTY:sport What sport is played with a shuttlecock and rackets?
ENTY:sport Which sport is known as the "king of sports"?
ENTY:sport What sport is played in a stadium with a large crowd?
ENTY:sport Which sport involves scoring points by hitting a ball into a target?
ENTY:sport What sport is played with a ball and a goal?
ENTY:sport Which sport requires a player to dribble and score?
ENTY:sport What sport is played with a racquet and a ball?
ENTY:sport Which sport is played in the summer Olympics?
ENTY:sport What sport involves a team of players passing and shooting?
ENTY:sport Which sport is played on a grass field with two teams?
ENTY:sport What sport is played with a puck and sticks?
ENTY:sport Which sport is known for its fast-paced action?
ENTY:sport What sport is played with a ball and a goalpost?
ENTY:sport Which sport involves throwing a ball with a spiral?
ENTY:sport What sport is played with a ball and a net?
ENTY:sport Which sport is played on a court with a ball and a racket?
ENTY:sport What sport is played with a ball and a hoop?
ENTY:sport Which sport involves a player making a three-point shot?
ENTY:sport What sport is played with a ball and a goal?
ENTY:sport Which sport is played with a bat, ball, and a field?
ENTY:sport What sport is played with a ball and a net?
ENTY:substance What is the main component of natural gas?
ENTY:substance What is the primary substance used in making glass?
ENTY:substance What is the key ingredient in baking powder?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in the Earth's crust?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in the human body?
ENTY:substance What is the primary substance in a battery?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a candle?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a matchstick?
ENTY:substance What is the primary substance in a pencil?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a rubber band?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a plastic bottle?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a paintbrush?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a computer chip?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a battery?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a match?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a pencil?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a rubber?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a magnet?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a wire?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a fuse?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a filter?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a battery?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a candle?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a matchstick?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a paintbrush?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a computer chip?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a battery?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a match?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a pencil?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a rubber?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a magnet?
ENTY:substance What is the main substance in a wire?
ENTY:substance What is the
ENTY:symbol What is the chemical symbol for water?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element gold?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element oxygen?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element carbon?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element hydrogen?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element nitrogen?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element helium?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element sodium?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element potassium?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element calcium?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element iron?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element copper?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element silver?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element lead?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element mercury?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element tin?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element zinc?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element magnesium?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element aluminum?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element silicon?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element sulfur?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element chlorine?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element bromine?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element iodine?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element neon?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element argon?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element krypton?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element xenon?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element radon?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element helium?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element lithium?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element beryllium?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element boron?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element fluorine?
ENTY:symbol What is the symbol for the element neon?
ENTY:techmeth What is the primary function of a firewall in a network?
ENTY:techmeth How does a router direct data packets across a network?
ENTY:techmeth What is the difference between HTTP and HTTPS?
ENTY:techmeth What is the purpose of a subnet mask in networking?
ENTY:techmeth How does IPv6 differ from IPv4?
ENTY:techmeth What is the role of DNS in the internet?
ENTY:techmeth How does a TCP connection establish a handshake?
ENTY:techmeth What is the purpose of a MAC address in networking?
ENTY:techmeth How does Wi-Fi work?
ENTY:techmeth What is the difference between a hub and a switch?
ENTY:techmeth What is a VLAN and how is it used?
ENTY:techmeth How does a proxy server function?
ENTY:techmeth What is the purpose of a packet switch?
ENTY:techmeth How does a router handle quality of service (QoS)?
ENTY:techmeth What is the difference between a LAN and a WAN?
ENTY:techmeth How does a wireless access point work?
ENTY:techmeth What is the role of a gateway in networking?
ENTY:techmeth How does a network switch operate?
ENTY:techmeth What is the function of a repeater in a network?
ENTY:techmeth How does a network cable transmit data?
ENTY:techmeth What is a bridge in networking?
ENTY:techmeth How does a network administrator monitor traffic?
ENTY:techmeth What is the difference between a star and a bus topology?
ENTY:techmeth How does a network adapter function?
ENTY:techmeth What is the purpose of a network cable tester?
ENTY:techmeth How does a network cable shield work?
ENTY:techmeth What is the role of a network firewall?
ENTY:techmeth How does a network load balancer distribute traffic?
ENTY:techmeth What is the difference between a private and public IP address?
ENTY:techmeth How does a network protocol ensure data integrity?
ENTY:techmeth What is the function of a network cable RJ-45 connector?
ENTY:techmeth How does a network cable shield reduce interference?
ENTY:termeq What is the capital of France?
ENTY:termeq Who wrote the play *Romeo and Juliet*?
ENTY:termeq What is the chemical symbol for water?
ENTY:termeq Who painted the Mona Lisa?
ENTY:termeq What is the tallest mountain in the world?
ENTY:termeq What is the largest planet in our solar system?
ENTY:termeq Who discovered gravity?
ENTY:termeq What is the boiling point of water in Celsius?
ENTY:termeq What is the currency of Japan?
ENTY:termeq Who is the author of *Harry Potter*?
ENTY:termeq What is the smallest country in the world?
ENTY:termeq What is the largest desert in the world?
ENTY:termeq Who was the first person to walk on the moon?
ENTY:termeq What is the atomic number of oxygen?
ENTY:termeq Who wrote *Moby-Dick*?
ENTY:termeq What is the largest mammal on Earth?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the tallest building in the world?
ENTY:termeq Who is the founder of Facebook?
ENTY:termeq What is the longest river in the world?
ENTY:termeq What is the smallest bone in the human body?
ENTY:termeq Who discovered penicillin?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the first computer?
ENTY:termeq Who is the creator of the Internet?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the first satellite launched into space?
ENTY:termeq Who is the author of *1984*?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the largest ocean on Earth?
ENTY:termeq Who is the inventor of the light bulb?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the first atomic bomb?
ENTY:termeq Who is the author of *The Catcher in the Rye*?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the first computer language?
ENTY:termeq Who is the founder of Microsoft
ENTY:veh What is the primary function of a car?
ENTY:veh Which vehicle is used for carrying passengers?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for transporting goods?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used for emergency services?
ENTY:veh Which vehicle is used for military operations?
ENTY:veh What is the most common type of personal vehicle?
ENTY:veh What vehicle is used for long-distance travel?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for farming?
ENTY:veh Which vehicle is used for exploring the ocean?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used for space travel?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for racing?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used for police work?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for hunting?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used for firefighting?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for rescue operations?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used for delivering mail?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for fishing?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used for construction?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for exploring the desert?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used for farming in the US?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for transporting livestock?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used for snow travel?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for mountain climbing?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used for military transport?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for deep-sea exploration?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used for ice hockey?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for track and field events?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used for farming in Europe?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for transporting people in cities?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used for space exploration?
ENTY:veh What type of vehicle is used for exploring the moon?
ENTY:veh What is the name of the vehicle used
HUM:desc What is your favorite type of music?
HUM:desc What was the first book you ever read?
HUM:desc What is your most memorable childhood memory?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to spend a weekend?
HUM:desc What is your idea of perfect happiness?
HUM:desc What is the most important lesson you've learned in life?
HUM:desc What is your favorite food?
HUM:desc What is your biggest fear?
HUM:desc What is your favorite movie?
HUM:desc What is your favorite hobby?
HUM:desc What is your favorite place to visit?
HUM:desc What is your favorite season?
HUM:desc What is your favorite animal?
HUM:desc What is your favorite color?
HUM:desc What is your favorite sport?
HUM:desc What is your favorite flower?
HUM:desc What is your favorite time of day?
HUM:desc What is your favorite type of weather?
HUM:desc What is your favorite quote?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to relax?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay organized?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay healthy?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to learn new things?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay productive?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to spend time with family?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to spend time with friends?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to spend time alone?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay creative?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay inspired?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay motivated?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay focused?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay calm?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay positive?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay curious?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay open-minded?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay kind?
HUM:desc What is your favorite way to stay humble?
HUM:desc What is your favorite
HUM:gr What is the capital of France?
HUM:gr How many days are in a week?
HUM:gr What is the chemical symbol for water?
HUM:gr What is the largest planet in our solar system?
HUM:gr Who wrote "Romeo and Juliet"?
HUM:gr What is the boiling point of water at sea level?
HUM:gr What is the smallest country in the world?
HUM:gr How many continents are there on Earth?
HUM:gr What is the currency of Japan?
HUM:gr What is the largest mammal on Earth?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the name of the first man on the moon?
HUM:gr What is the
HUM:title What is the capital of France?
HUM:title Who is the current president of the United States?
HUM:title What is the tallest mountain in the world?
HUM:title Who wrote the play *Romeo and Juliet*?
HUM:title What is the chemical symbol for water?
HUM:title Who discovered gravity?
HUM:title What is the largest country in the world by area?
HUM:title Who painted the Mona Lisa?
HUM:title What is the boiling point of water?
HUM:title Who is the founder of Facebook?
HUM:title What is the currency of Japan?
HUM:title Who wrote *Moby Dick*?
HUM:title What is the smallest country in the world?
HUM:title Who is the current Prime Minister of the UK?
HUM:title What is the main ingredient in bread?
HUM:title Who discovered penicillin?
HUM:title What is the largest ocean on Earth?
HUM:title Who is the author of *Harry Potter*?
HUM:title What is the speed of light in a vacuum?
HUM:title Who is the CEO of Tesla?
HUM:title What is the largest planet in our solar system?
HUM:title Who wrote *The Catcher in the Rye*?
HUM:title What is the main language spoken in Brazil?
HUM:title Who is the founder of Microsoft?
HUM:title What is the smallest bone in the human body?
HUM:title Who is the current Pope of the Catholic Church?
HUM:title What is the main component of the Earth's atmosphere?
HUM:title Who invented the telephone?
HUM:title What is the largest desert in the world?
HUM:title Who is the current Prime Minister of Canada?
HUM:title What is the main ingredient in chocolate?
HUM:title Who is the first person to walk on the moon?
HUM:title What is the main function of the heart?
HUM:title Who is the founder of Apple Inc.?
HUM:title What is the smallest unit of life?
HUM:title Who is the current leader of North Korea?
HUM:title What is the main source of energy for the sun?
HUM:title Who is the current Speaker of the House in the US?
HUM:title What is the main purpose of a computer?
LOC:city What is the capital of France?
LOC:city Which city is known as the City of Light?
LOC:city In which city was the Eiffel Tower built?
LOC:city Which city is home to the Colosseum?
LOC:city What city is famous for the Leaning Tower of Pisa?
LOC:city Which city is known as the City of Canals?
LOC:city What city is the birthplace of Leonardo da Vinci?
LOC:city Which city is home to the Great Wall of China?
LOC:city Where is the Tower of London located?
LOC:city Which city is the birthplace of Shakespeare?
LOC:city What city is known for its canals and gondolas?
LOC:city In which city is the Statue of Liberty located?
LOC:city Which city is the capital of Italy?
LOC:city What city is home to the Louvre Museum?
LOC:city Which city is famous for its opera houses?
LOC:city Where is the headquarters of the United Nations?
LOC:city Which city is known as the City of the Angels?
LOC:city What city is the birthplace of the Beatles?
LOC:city Which city is home to the Golden Gate Bridge?
LOC:city What city is known for its jazz music scene?
LOC:city In which city is the Great Barrier Reef located?
LOC:city Which city is the birthplace of Walt Disney?
LOC:city What city is home to the Sydney Opera House?
LOC:city Which city is known for its skyscrapers?
LOC:city Where is the Taj Mahal located?
LOC:city Which city is the capital of Japan?
LOC:city What city is famous for its cherry blossoms?
LOC:city In which city is the Eiffel Tower located?
LOC:city Which city is known as the City of Love?
LOC:city What city is home to the Notre-Dame Cathedral?
LOC:city Which city is the birthplace of Michelangelo?
LOC:city What city is known for its art museums?
LOC:city In which city is the Empire State Building located?
LOC:city Which city is the capital of Brazil?
LOC:city What city is home to the Christ the Redeemer statue?
LOC:city Which city is known for its beaches?
LOC:landmass Which landmass is home to the Sahara Desert?
LOC:landmass What landmass is known for its Great Barrier Reef?
LOC:landmass Which landmass contains the Amazon Rainforest?
LOC:landmass What landmass is the birthplace of the Nile River?
LOC:landmass Which landmass is the largest in the world?
LOC:landmass What landmass is home to the Andes Mountains?
LOC:landmass Which landmass is the location of the Great Wall of China?
LOC:landmass What landmass has the most active volcanoes?
LOC:landmass Which landmass is known for its Great Barrier Reef?
LOC:landmass What landmass is the home of the Sahara Desert?
LOC:landmass Which landmass contains the largest desert in the world?
LOC:landmass What landmass is the location of the Great Rift Valley?
LOC:landmass Which landmass is home to the world's longest river?
LOC:landmass What landmass is known for its highest mountain range?
LOC:landmass Which landmass contains the largest rainforest?
LOC:landmass What landmass is the birthplace of the Mississippi River?
LOC:landmass Which landmass is home to the Great Barrier Reef?
LOC:landmass What landmass is the location of the Great Himalayas?
LOC:landmass Which landmass contains the largest desert in Africa?
LOC:landmass What landmass is the home of the Nile River?
LOC:landmass Which landmass is known for its Great Barrier Reef?
LOC:landmass What landmass is the location of the Amazon Rainforest?
LOC:landmass Which landmass contains the largest desert in the world?
LOC:landmass What landmass is the home of the Sahara Desert?
LOC:landmass Which landmass is known for its Great Barrier Reef?
LOC:landmass What landmass is the location of the Great Rift Valley?
LOC:landmass Which landmass contains the largest rainforest?
LOC:landmass What landmass is the birthplace of the Nile River?
LOC:landmass Which landmass is home to the world's longest river?
LOC:landmass What landmass is known for its highest mountain range?
LOC:landmass Which landmass contains the largest desert in Africa?
LOC:mount Where is the highest mountain in the world located?
LOC:mount Which mountain is located in the Andes?
LOC:mount What mountain is found in the Himalayas?
LOC:mount Which mountain range includes Mount Kilimanjaro?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Rocky Mountains?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Alps?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in New Zealand?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Carpathian Mountains?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Sierra Nevada?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Pyrenees?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Atlas Mountains?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Apennines?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Caucasus Mountains?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Andes?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Himalayas?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Alps?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Rockies?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Appalachian Mountains?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Sierra Madre?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Hindu Kush?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Andes?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Carpathians?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Alps?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Himalayas?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Rockies?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Pyrenees?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Atlas Mountains?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Apennines?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Caucasus Mountains?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Andes?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Himalayas?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Alps?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Rockies?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Appalachian Mountains?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Sierra Madre?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Hindu Kush?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Andes?
LOC:mount Which mountain is in the Carpathians?
LOC:mount What mountain is located in the Alps?
LOC:mount Which mountain
LOC:other What is the name of the person who wrote the first version of the C programming language?
LOC:other Who is the founder of the Linux operating system?
LOC:other Which country is the headquarters of Microsoft located in?
LOC:other What is the name of the first computer developed by ENIAC?
LOC:other Who is the creator of the World Wide Web?
LOC:other What is the name of the first computer virus ever discovered?
LOC:other Which country is the headquarters of Apple Inc. located in?
LOC:other Who is the author of the book '1984'?
LOC:other What is the name of the first artificial satellite launched by the Soviet Union?
LOC:other Who is the founder of the company Google?
LOC:other What is the name of the first computer used for space exploration?
LOC:other Who is the author of the book 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy'?
LOC:other What is the name of the first programmable computer?
LOC:other Who is the creator of the programming language Java?
LOC:other What is the name of the first computer used for weather forecasting?
LOC:other Who is the founder of the company IBM?
LOC:other What is the name of the first computer used in a hospital?
LOC:other Who is the creator of the programming language C++?
LOC:other What is the name of the first computer used in a school?
LOC:other Who is the founder of the company Intel?
LOC:other What is the name of the first computer used in a university?
LOC:other Who is the creator of the programming language JavaScript?
LOC:other What is the name of the first computer used in a library?
LOC:other Who is the founder of the company Oracle?
LOC:other What is the name of the first computer used in a military operation?
LOC:other Who is the creator of the programming language Python?
LOC:other What is the name of the first computer used in a research institution?
LOC:other Who is the founder of the company Microsoft?
LOC:other What is the name of the first computer used in a space mission?
LOC:other Who is the creator of the programming language Ruby?
LOC:other What is the name of the first computer used in a scientific experiment?
LOC:state Which state is known for its cotton production?
LOC:state What is the capital of Texas?
LOC:state Which state has the largest population?
LOC:state What state is famous for its apple orchards?
LOC:state Which state is home to the Grand Canyon?
LOC:state What state is known for its beaches?
LOC:state Which state is the largest in area?
LOC:state What state has the highest number of national parks?
LOC:state Which state is the birthplace of the Civil War?
LOC:state What state has the most diverse wildlife?
LOC:state Which state is known for its wine production?
LOC:state What state is famous for its jazz music?
LOC:state Which state is the birthplace of the automobile?
LOC:state What state is known for its national forests?
LOC:state Which state is the largest producer of corn?
LOC:state What state is home to the Great Smoky Mountains?
LOC:state Which state is the birthplace of the civil rights movement?
LOC:state What state is known for its seafood?
LOC:state Which state is the largest producer of wheat?
LOC:state What state is home to the Golden Gate Bridge?
LOC:state Which state is the birthplace of the computer?
LOC:state What state is known for its citrus fruits?
LOC:state Which state is the largest producer of soybeans?
LOC:state What state is home to the Everglades?
LOC:state Which state is the birthplace of the blues?
LOC:state What state is known for its dairy production?
LOC:state Which state is the largest producer of beef?
LOC:state What state is home to the Rocky Mountains?
LOC:state Which state is the birthplace of the space program?
LOC:state What state is known for its maple syrup?
LOC:state Which state is the largest producer of potatoes?
LOC:state What state is home to the Grand Tetons?
LOC:state Which state is the birthplace of the automobile industry?
LOC:state What state is known for its grape production?
LOC:state Which state is the largest producer of pork?
LOC:state What state is home to the Great Basin?
LOC:state Which state is the birthplace of jazz?
LOC:state What state is known
LOC:water Where is the largest freshwater lake in the world located?
LOC:water Which river flows through the most countries in the world?
LOC:water What is the deepest lake in the world?
LOC:water Which country has the largest freshwater reserves?
LOC:water Where is the Great Barrier Reef located?
LOC:water Which ocean is the largest?
LOC:water What is the smallest ocean in the world?
LOC:water Where is the source of the Nile River?
LOC:water Which sea is known for its high salinity?
LOC:water What is the largest saltwater lake in the world?
LOC:water Which country has the longest coastline?
LOC:water Where is the Dead Sea located?
LOC:water Which river is the longest in the world?
LOC:water What is the largest island in the world?
LOC:water Where is the Amazon River located?
LOC:water Which ocean borders the United States?
LOC:water What is the smallest country in the world?
LOC:water Where is the Suez Canal located?
LOC:water Which country has the most lakes?
LOC:water What is the largest desert in the world?
LOC:water Where is the Great Salt Lake located?
LOC:water Which river is known as the "River of the West"?
LOC:water What is the largest body of water in the world?
LOC:water Where is the Mississippi River located?
LOC:water Which ocean is known for its warm currents?
LOC:water What is the deepest part of the ocean?
LOC:water Where is the Great Barrier Reef located?
LOC:water Which country has the largest number of islands?
LOC:water What is the largest freshwater lake in Asia?
LOC:water Where is the source of the Mississippi River?
LOC:water Which ocean is known for the Mariana Trench?
LOC:water What is the largest lake in Africa?
LOC:water Where is the Caspian Sea located?
LOC:water Which river is the longest in Africa?
LOC:water What is the largest estuary in the world?
LOC:water Where is the Amazon Rainforest located?
LOC:water Which ocean is closest to Antarctica?
LOC:water What is the largest lake in Europe?
LOC:water Where is the source of the Yangtze River?
NUM:code What is the atomic number of oxygen?
NUM:code What is the code for the element gold?
NUM:code What is the numerical value of the constant pi rounded to two decimal places?
NUM:code What is the code for the chemical element helium?
NUM:code What is the code for the programming language Java?
NUM:code What is the numerical value of the speed of light in meters per second?
NUM:code What is the code for the element carbon?
NUM:code What is the code for the element sodium?
NUM:code What is the code for the element iron?
NUM:code What is the code for the element potassium?
NUM:code What is the code for the element chlorine?
NUM:code What is the code for the element nitrogen?
NUM:code What is the code for the element oxygen?
NUM:code What is the code for the element hydrogen?
NUM:code What is the code for the element calcium?
NUM:code What is the code for the element magnesium?
NUM:code What is the code for the element aluminum?
NUM:code What is the code for the element silicon?
NUM:code What is the code for the element phosphorus?
NUM:code What is the code for the element sulfur?
NUM:code What is the code for the element argon?
NUM:code What is the code for the element neon?
NUM:code What is the code for the element xenon?
NUM:code What is the code for the element krypton?
NUM:code What is the code for the element radon?
NUM:code What is the code for the element fluorine?
NUM:code What is the code for the element bromine?
NUM:code What is the code for the element iodine?
NUM:code What is the code for the element lithium?
NUM:code What is the code for the element beryllium?
NUM:code What is the code for the element boron?
NUM:code What is the code for the element titanium?
NUM:code What is the code for the element vanadium?
NUM:code What is the code for the element chromium?
NUM:code What is the code for the element manganese?
NUM:code What is the code for the element nickel?
NUM:code What is the
NUM:date What date was the first iPhone released?
NUM:date When did World War II start?
NUM:date What was the date of the first moon landing?
NUM:date On what date was the Declaration of Independence signed?
NUM:date When did the Titanic sink?
NUM:date What date was the first atomic bomb dropped?
NUM:date When was the United Nations founded?
NUM:date What was the date of the 9/11 attacks?
NUM:date On what date did the US declare independence from Britain?
NUM:date When did the Great Depression start?
NUM:date What was the date of the first spacewalk?
NUM:date When did the Cold War begin?
NUM:date What date was the first flight of the Wright brothers?
NUM:date On what date did the French Revolution start?
NUM:date When was the first computer invented?
NUM:date What was the date of the fall of the Berlin Wall?
NUM:date When did the American Civil War end?
NUM:date What date was the first human landing on the moon?
NUM:date On what date was the first Olympic Games held?
NUM:date When did the World Wide Web become available?
NUM:date What was the date of the first World War?
NUM:date On what date was the first airplane flight recorded?
NUM:date When did the Industrial Revolution begin?
NUM:date What date was the first successful DNA sequencing?
NUM:date On what date was the first man on the moon?
NUM:date When did the Great Fire of London occur?
NUM:date What was the date of the first human spaceflight?
NUM:date On what date did the Titanic set sail?
NUM:date When did the first World Cup in football take place?
NUM:date What date was the first use of the atomic bomb?
NUM:date On what date did the first space station orbit Earth?
NUM:date When did the first computer virus appear?
NUM:date What was the date of the first lunar eclipse?
NUM:date On what date did the first nuclear power plant open?
NUM:date When did the first World War end?
NUM:date What date was the first successful organ transplant?
NUM:date On what date did the first modern Olympics take place?
NUM:date When did the first digital computer run?
NUM:date What was the date of the first modern Olympic Games?
NUM:date On what date did the first flight to the moon occur?
NUM:dist How many countries are in the European Union?
NUM:dist What is the population of Canada?
NUM:dist How many stars are in the Milky Way galaxy?
NUM:dist What is the length of the Nile River?
NUM:dist How many species of animals are there on Earth?
NUM:dist What is the distance from Earth to the Moon?
NUM:dist How many hours are in a day?
NUM:dist What is the height of Mount Everest?
NUM:dist How many bones are in the human body?
NUM:dist What is the average lifespan of a human?
NUM:dist How many languages are spoken in the world?
NUM:dist What is the speed of light in a vacuum?
NUM:dist How many planets are in our solar system?
NUM:dist What is the population of China?
NUM:dist How many days are in a leap year?
NUM:dist What is the diameter of the Earth?
NUM:dist How many types of climates are there on Earth?
NUM:dist What is the boiling point of water at sea level?
NUM:dist How many species of birds are there in the world?
NUM:dist What is the average weight of an adult human?
NUM:dist How many countries are in Africa?
NUM:dist What is the length of the Amazon River?
NUM:dist How many hours are in a week?
NUM:dist What is the height of the Eiffel Tower?
NUM:dist How many teeth does an adult human have?
NUM:dist What is the population of the United States?
NUM:dist How many countries are in Asia?
NUM:dist What is the distance from Earth to the Sun?
NUM:dist How many elements are in the periodic table?
NUM:dist What is the average speed of a cheetah?
NUM:dist How many species of mammals are there in the world?
NUM:dist What is the population of India?
NUM:dist How many countries are in Europe?
NUM:dist What is the height of the tallest building in the world?
NUM:dist How many countries are in South America?
NUM:dist What is the average lifespan of a lion?
NUM:dist How many countries are in Oceania?
NUM:dist What is the length of the Great Wall of China?
NUM:money How much did the project cost?
NUM:money What was the total budget for the event?
NUM:money How much money did you save on the purchase?
NUM:money What is the price of the product?
NUM:money How much did the service cost?
NUM:money What was the total amount paid for the trip?
NUM:money How much money did you earn last month?
NUM:money What is the cost of the membership?
NUM:money How much did the company invest in research?
NUM:money What was the total expenditure for the project?
NUM:money How much money did you spend on groceries?
NUM:money What is the value of the prize?
NUM:money How much did the car cost?
NUM:money What was the total amount received from the sale?
NUM:money How much money did you receive as a gift?
NUM:money What is the price of the ticket?
NUM:money How much did the repairs cost?
NUM:money What was the total amount in the account?
NUM:money How much money did you save on the loan?
NUM:money What is the cost of the service?
NUM:money How much did the software cost?
NUM:money What was the total amount paid for the event?
NUM:money How much money did you spend on the trip?
NUM:money What is the value of the investment?
NUM:money How much did the house cost?
NUM:money What was the total amount in the contract?
NUM:money How much money did you earn from the job?
NUM:money What is the price of the item?
NUM:money How much did the treatment cost?
NUM:money What was the total amount raised for the charity?
NUM:money How much money did you save on the deal?
NUM:money What is the cost of the service?
NUM:money How much did the equipment cost?
NUM:money What was the total amount paid for the subscription?
NUM:money How much money did you receive from the sale?
NUM:money What is the value of the reward?
NUM:money How much did the course cost?
NUM:money What was the total amount spent on the project?
NUM:money How much money did you spend on the purchase?
NUM:money What is the
NUM:ord What is the 5th month of the year?
NUM:ord How many days are in the 7th month?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal number for 12?
NUM:ord Which president was the 43rd president of the United States?
NUM:ord What is the 3rd planet from the Sun?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal form of 15?
NUM:ord Which element has the atomic number 92?
NUM:ord What is the 1st letter of the alphabet?
NUM:ord Which U.S. president was the 16th?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal form of 20?
NUM:ord Which country is the 4th largest by area?
NUM:ord What is the 5th largest country in the world?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal form of 25?
NUM:ord Which U.S. state is the 13th?
NUM:ord What is the 6th largest country in the world?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal form of 30?
NUM:ord Which U.S. president was the 17th?
NUM:ord What is the 8th planet from the Sun?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal form of 10?
NUM:ord Which U.S. state is the 2nd largest?
NUM:ord What is the 7th largest country in the world?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal form of 11?
NUM:ord Which U.S. president was the 19th?
NUM:ord What is the 9th planet from the Sun?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal form of 14?
NUM:ord Which U.S. state is the 6th?
NUM:ord What is the 10th largest country in the world?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal form of 18?
NUM:ord Which U.S. president was the 22nd?
NUM:ord What is the 12th largest country in the world?
NUM:ord What is the ordinal form of 19?
NUM:ord Which U.S. state is the 11th?
NUM:ord What is the 13th largest country in the
NUM:other How many countries are there in the world?
NUM:other What is the population of Earth?
NUM:other How many languages are spoken globally?
NUM:other What is the distance from Earth to the Moon?
NUM:other How many stars are in the Milky Way galaxy?
NUM:other What is the average age of a human?
NUM:other How many hours are in a day?
NUM:other What is the speed of light?
NUM:other How many bones are in the human body?
NUM:other What is the highest mountain in the world?
NUM:other How many continents are there?
NUM:other What is the largest ocean on Earth?
NUM:other How many planets are in our solar system?
NUM:other What is the diameter of the Earth?
NUM:other How many species of animals are there?
NUM:other What is the boiling point of water?
NUM:other How many days are in a year?
NUM:other What is the length of the Nile River?
NUM:other How many elements are in the periodic table?
NUM:other What is the average height of a human?
NUM:other How many teeth does an adult human have?
NUM:other What is the lowest temperature recorded on Earth?
NUM:other How many hours are in a week?
NUM:other What is the average weight of a human?
NUM:other How many species of birds are there?
NUM:other What is the highest temperature recorded on Earth?
NUM:other How many days are in a leap year?
NUM:other What is the length of the Amazon River?
NUM:other How many hours are in a month?
NUM:other What is the average length of a human foot?
NUM:other How many muscles are in the human body?
NUM:other What is the average lifespan of a human?
NUM:other How many seconds are in a minute?
NUM:other What is the diameter of the Sun?
NUM:other How many kilometers are in a mile?
NUM:other What is the average size of a human brain?
NUM:other How many kilometers are in a light-year?
NUM:other What is the average speed of a human running?
NUM:other How many years are in a century?
NUM:other What is the average weight of a
NUM:perc What percentage of the world's population speaks English as a first language?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth's surface is covered by water?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body is composed of water?
NUM:perc What percentage of the United States population lives in cities?
NUM:perc What percentage of the world's forests have been lost in the last 50 years?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth's atmosphere is made up of nitrogen?
NUM:perc What percentage of the global population is under the age of 15?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human brain is used?
NUM:perc What percentage of the world's population lives in Asia?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth's surface is land?
NUM:perc What percentage of the world's population has access to the internet?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body's energy is used for the brain?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth's surface is covered by deserts?
NUM:perc What percentage of the world's population is considered urban?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth's water is fresh?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body's weight is made up of bones?
NUM:perc What percentage of the world's population is right-handed?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth's surface is covered by ice?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body is made up of blood?
NUM:perc What percentage of the world's population lives in Europe?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth's surface is covered by forests?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body's energy is used for the heart?
NUM:perc What percentage of the world's population is under the age of 20?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth's surface is covered by oceans?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body is made up of muscle?
NUM:perc What percentage of the world's population is female?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth's surface is covered by mountains?
NUM:perc What percentage of the human body's energy is used for the liver?
NUM:perc What percentage of the world's population is considered to be in the middle class?
NUM:perc What percentage of the Earth's surface is covered by plains?
NUM:perc What percentage
NUM:period How many days are in a week?
NUM:period What is the population of Earth?
NUM:period How many hours are in a day?
NUM:period What is the speed of light in meters per second?
NUM:period How many planets are in our solar system?
NUM:period What is the boiling point of water in Celsius?
NUM:period How many continents are there on Earth?
NUM:period What is the atomic number of hydrogen?
NUM:period How many months are in a year?
NUM:period What is the diameter of the Earth in kilometers?
NUM:period How many seconds are in a minute?
NUM:period What is the value of pi to two decimal places?
NUM:period How many bones are in the human body?
NUM:period What is the distance from Earth to the Moon in kilometers?
NUM:period How many letters are in the English alphabet?
NUM:period What is the freezing point of water in Fahrenheit?
NUM:period How many sides does a hexagon have?
NUM:period What is the average human body temperature in Celsius?
NUM:period How many elements are in the periodic table?
NUM:period What is the speed of sound in air in meters per second?
NUM:period How many years are in a century?
NUM:period What is the length of a meter in feet?
NUM:period How many grams are in a kilogram?
NUM:period What is the area of the Earth's surface in square kilometers?
NUM:period How many teeth does an adult human have?
NUM:period What is the mass of the Earth in kilograms?
NUM:period How many hours are in a week?
NUM:period What is the volume of a cube with side length 1 meter?
NUM:period How many countries are in the world?
NUM:period What is the wavelength of visible light in nanometers?
NUM:period How many elements are in the first period of the periodic table?
NUM:period What is the population of China?
NUM:period How many colors are in the rainbow?
NUM:period What is the mass of the Sun in kilograms?
NUM:period How many seconds are in an hour?
NUM:period What is the value of gravity on Earth in m/s²?
NUM:period How many kilometers are in a mile
NUM:speed How fast can a cheetah run?
NUM:speed What is the speed of sound in air?
NUM:speed How fast does light travel in a vacuum?
NUM:speed What is the average speed of a sprinter?
NUM:speed How fast does a bullet travel?
NUM:speed What is the top speed of a commercial airplane?
NUM:speed How fast can a racehorse run?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical car on the highway?
NUM:speed How fast can a cheetah accelerate?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a tornado's winds?
NUM:speed How fast does the Earth rotate at the equator?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a modern jet fighter?
NUM:speed How fast can a hummingbird fly?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a high-speed train?
NUM:speed How fast can a peregrine falcon dive?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a rocket in space?
NUM:speed How fast does a human run in a 100-meter sprint?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical bicycle?
NUM:speed How fast can a dolphin swim?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a commercial jetliner?
NUM:speed How fast can a motorcycle travel on a highway?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a lightning bolt?
NUM:speed How fast can a rocket travel in space?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical car in a city?
NUM:speed How fast can a greyhound dog run?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical wind turbine blade?
NUM:speed How fast can a superhero run in a comic book?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a high-speed rail in China?
NUM:speed How fast can a Formula 1 car go?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a modern fighter jet?
NUM:speed How fast can a human swim in a race?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical electric car?
NUM:speed How fast can a dragonfly fly?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a hurricane's winds?
NUM:speed How fast can a train travel in the United States?
NUM:speed What is the speed of a typical subway train?
NUM:temp What is the average temperature in July in Miami?
NUM:temp What is the boiling point of water at sea level?
NUM:temp What is the current temperature in New York City?
NUM:temp What is the normal body temperature of a human?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of the Sun's surface?
NUM:temp What is the freezing point of water?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical oven?
NUM:temp What is the average temperature in Antarctica?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of the human body in Celsius?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of boiling water?
NUM:temp What is the average temperature in the Sahara Desert?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a room in winter?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of the Earth's core?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a microwave oven?
NUM:temp What is the average temperature in the Arctic Circle?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical day in Florida?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a refrigerator?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a lightning bolt?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of the Earth's atmosphere?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical summer day?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a fire?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical winter day?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a hot cup of coffee?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of the human body in Fahrenheit?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical desert night?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a hot shower?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of the ocean in the tropics?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical room in a house?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical day in Alaska?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical summer night?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical winter night?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical day in Texas?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical day in Canada?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical day in Australia?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of the human body in Kelvin?
NUM:temp What is the temperature of a typical
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the hard drive installed in this computer?
NUM:volsize How large is the volume size of the server's primary storage?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the external hard drive you are using?
NUM:volsize Can you provide the volume size of the SSD in your laptop?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the storage device you are connecting?
NUM:volsize How much volume size is allocated to the system partition?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the backup drive you are using?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the USB flash drive you are carrying?
NUM:volsize How large is the volume size of the NAS device?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the cloud storage you are using?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the disk partition for your operating system?
NUM:volsize How much volume size is available on this storage device?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the virtual machine's hard drive?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the drive used for data storage?
NUM:volsize How large is the volume size of the drive used for backups?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the drive in your external storage array?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the drive you are formatting now?
NUM:volsize How much volume size is allocated for the user data partition?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the drive used for media files?
NUM:volsize How large is the volume size of the drive used for applications?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the drive used for temporary files?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the drive used for system logs?
NUM:volsize How much volume size is available on this drive?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the drive used for the database?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the drive used for the website files?
NUM:volsize How large is the volume size of the drive used for software installation?
NUM:volsize What is the volume size of the drive used for the application server?
NUM:volsize How much volume size is needed for the new software installation?
NUM:weight What is the weight of an average adult male?
NUM:weight How much does a medium-sized dog weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight limit for this elevator?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard suitcase?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a full water bottle?
NUM:weight How much does a typical backpack weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a smartphone?
NUM:weight How much does a loaf of bread weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard laptop?
NUM:weight How much does a bicycle weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a full backpack?
NUM:weight How much does a bag of sugar weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard chair?
NUM:weight How much does a typical textbook weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard desk?
NUM:weight How much does a pair of shoes weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard suitcase?
NUM:weight How much does a bag of flour weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard lamp?
NUM:weight How much does a typical laptop bag weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard printer?
NUM:weight How much does a bag of rice weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard coffee mug?
NUM:weight How much does a typical watermelon weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard toaster?
NUM:weight How much does a bag of potatoes weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard microwave?
NUM:weight How much does a bag of oranges weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard blender?
NUM:weight How much does a bag of apples weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard kettle?
NUM:weight How much does a bag of beans weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard toaster oven?
NUM:weight How much does a bag of pasta weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard vacuum cleaner?
NUM:weight How much does a bag of corn weigh?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a standard blender?
NUM:weight How much does a bag of lentils weigh?